&gt;I need to print up a pamphlet of facts that can disconnect people from their trust of government.

As a very wise, successful union organizer named Al Evanoff taught me, when I had a similar impulse,

"Paper doesn't organize people. People organize people."

It turned out to be some of the best advice I ever heard. Believe it: NOTHING takes the place of face-to-face organizing. There are no shortcuts. But when long-term, serous organizing works right, each one you reach in turn reaches another, and so on and so on.
Is there any better time to start than now?
its the adrenalin, can you imagine the excitement there, well i cant but looks interesting :) 
Statistically, 51% of you voted for him.

[deleted]
[deleted]
"Savage" may only imply inferiority from certain frames of reference.  "Savage" is often used as a compliment.  "Violent", "oppressive", and "gender-biased" are equally loaded terms depending on your reference point.
PHP is still huge. It has a lot of flaws, but it's easy to learn, easy to host, and very popular. 
I don't see why joonix is getting downmodded. He isn't saying anything biased or disagreeable, only questioning GP's complete lack of sources for their assumptions.
strokes of a pen
That is obviously a duck.
Cold hard embrace? Is that like a point of pride or something? There's much colder, harder embraces, for much more money, in the legal profession.
Bread and circuses.
the fuckers.

[deleted]
No idea. It's been their for a while. Maybe the ranking program is hard coded that way??
Yes, the point of it having absolutely no fucking point.

At least the USB humping dog is funny for 3 seconds.


[deleted]
I know I'm just responding to myself over and over again, but I keep thinking of new points. The questioning during the Dem bullshit about Wright and other such nonsense has mostly been about "how does this fucking retarded shit hurt obama's electability" once he is the nominee - what are they going to ask him? How does this stuff effect his ability to be president? It clearly doesnt have ANYTHING to do with him being president. So... Where's the question? I think some of us are over-reacting. It's going to be all good.
Shit, I was going to name my kid Memristor, now I guess I need a new name.
Wow, actually that was a lot of downmodding...must be the Jewish Lobby! Ha!
Its cliche to write LOL, but I really did laugh out load after reading this comment.
people in denial. 
I probably would have been relieved at the misleading title, to be honest.
There is no tradition of protest in our country.  Those who do are labeled as crazy nuts.


[Fortress](http://projectfortress.sun.com/Projects/Community)
I believe these are referred to as [Via Ferrata](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Via_Ferrata). [Petzl](http://en.petzl.com/petzl/SportFamille?Famille=9#SousFamille2) makes gear specifically for these kinds of routes.
&gt;they have some seriously funny comments

this definitely aint it but [this](http://digg.com/educational/How_to_Use_Toilet_Paper?t=13862286) and its [precursor](http://digg.com/politics/Sheryl_Crow_Suggests_Limiting_Americans_Use_To_One_Square_Per_Sitting?t=6299672#c6307709) on the other hand are
that requires 1 brain more than these people have...
It would be useful data.
No tickee, no kiddee.
No exceptions.
Back to work, you little crumb snatcher!

[deleted]
Why bother? If you're using WPA, then it doesn't matter if you do MAC filtering or not, it adds nothing. All it does is make it more inconvenient every time you want to add an (authorised) device to the network. Anyone who can crack WPA can get your MAC address, and anyone who can't get your MAC address hasn't got a hope in hell of cracking WPA.
Actually I think the reason asynchronous CPUs aren't as widespread is because they're harder to design.
You can't have it both ways. It's collective sympathy or individual responsibility. Why a simple inference has to be muddled by unrelated qualifiers each and every time?

Have some respect for pure logic. Otherwise you'll end up with fuzzy logic of talmud.
yeah, there is not "some kind of point", like your karma dude. i'm at office and i just registered to reply you, you just made my day.
I once rode in a cab with an Afghani cab driver. He had plenty of things to say about America "bringing democracy" to his country. One quote stood out to me that I will paraphrase to the best of my ability: "Bringing Democracy to Afghani people is like giving ice cream to monkeys. They don't know what to do with it. It's a foreign concept. Democracy is not something you can introduce. It's something that must be nourished for generations before it takes root."
[deleted]
I bet he could get you into the sack with him.

The man's persuasive.
I really wish that was the case, but it just doesn't seem like that to me at all. I have problems with some decisions of the Israeli gov't as well but really, it seems like a lot of old-fashioned Jew-bashing.
There's not much left of a plane when it slams into a giant building at hundreds of miles per hour, but there are plenty of pictures around that show obvious plane parts.
Yeah, I feel that way myself about these "depressing" stories too. It feels like I can't really do much about it, so why bother talking about it. Or, why bother reading these stories at all...

It's an interesting phenomenon of hopelessness that should get fixed, so we don't go invading more countries leaving tens of thousands of civilians dead. Something needs to be done to fix this.
I want to share a photograph of another one of my lovely companion parrots with you. 
[deleted]
We have rail between Auckland and Wellington here (500Km-ish). It takes all day to get there so nobody uses it, everybody flies as it's only an hour by plane (security takes ten minutes, you just have to be there half an hour before takeoff) so you can just pop up and back in a day. 

They actually tried to shut the train down a year or two ago, but all the people who never used it started screaming about losing it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I see that we all agree (1) that he didn't write any of those racist screeds that filled his newsletter over the years, but (2) there is no possibility that this particular book is ghostwritten. Swell.
Do either of you smoke?
No, but it's not really the same thing, now is it?
[Here you go](http://www.credit.com/credit_information/credit_help/The-Top-10-Credit-Mistakes.jsp)
&gt;As a fan, he said, he felt the film was horrible to watch, as he thinks the man appears to be on drugs or heavily intoxicated. I dont want that to be what I think about when I think about Jimi Hendrix, he said.

Uh, looks like someone missed a lot of what the 60's were about...
You are going to need some serious fire power to coup d'etat with single digit support. Or I mean, the media, damn them.
You could sell it to someone who has absolutely no knowledge about computers...if one were so inclined.
It's always a good idea to refrain from commenting on something you know nothing about. You should have done it here. But I'll try to address your "point".

It's inflation, asshole. It's eating us alive. The only people the rate cuts have helped is the investment banks who are using that easy money to bid up commodities to record levels.

K? Now go back to American Idol.
And why do you think that is? Could it be the lack of software support?
Thank you. I am so sick of all the forwards of McSweeney's stuff from friends who really should know better -- and these people are *reporters*! Is somebody actually requiring college students to read this crap? 
And just where exactly do you think you are?
Yes, I never even realized the diff until I went to the Caribbean and had one.  Even the cigarettes tasted better - I was told they used the local island tobacco for the Marlboros after I had asked if they were really Marlboros.
Where do they get off not having Wrigley in the top 5...
Well that's an obvious one, if you spend more time in the kitchen,your going to eat more food.
Given your name, there is something very disturbing about this singing.
Let's say he really got the money somehow -- then he wants to use it to start a *record company*? 
The media is spinning against Ron Paul, as usual. It's not a take over when you've been voted in; it's a take over when you appoint a person who wasn't voted in.

Ron Paul got the votes, and now he should get the delegates.
If you look at the Amazon Movers and Shakers section, you will find that Ron Paul's book is #9.

http://www.amazon.com/gp/movers-and-shakers/books/ref=pd_ts_b_mte#learnmore
There is no chance at all 9/11 was an inside job.  This administration is not capable of such a clever, thought-out, well disguised plan.  They couldn't even keep a couple of pentagon-planted military analysts secret, or the firing of a few attorneys.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes, because this isn't one of the most futile legal battles ever.
FTA: ""Just to make things clear, we are not stating that anthropogenic [man-made] climate change won't be as bad as previously thought," said Mojib Latif, a professor at the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences in Kiel, northern Germany."

.

Translation - keep the grant money coming.
Perhaps you have trouble distinguishing The difference. And perhaps redditors do as well.
Angry much? Why don't you point me to three paleoclimatologists who disagree with the IPCC consensus? How about Dr. Andrew Weaver, lead IPCC author and scientist at the University of Victoria in my home town; he's got a few publications to his name: http://climate.uvic.ca/people/weaver/weaver-publications.html

So you write off all Greens because some support Dr. Pianka (who I had to Google to find, and who has never been mentioned to me by Green candidates, supporters, or any post I've read on the Green Party of Canada blog)? That's handy for you. 

Here's my seat-of-the-pants definition of sustainably: Something that can be done indefinitely, because it contributes to people, planet, or prosperity.
Just imagine for a second that she was the only one to have a camera. Then we wouldn't see this footage, this would never be brought to light and she would be charged with 2 felonies and 2 misdemeanors. No one would be the wiser while she was rotting in jail.

This would most likely be the situation any place other then NYC, where hundreds of people aren't packing cameras and aiming them at the pigs. Most other cities you would be lucky to get 2 people with cameras at a particular incident who would be much easier subdued. Plus the footage doesn't exist if the cameras get smashed or deleted.
Actually the death toll would be closer to one and a half million people.
[deleted]
Yes, he had simply paid the wrong state.  Lots of entertainers (and other people) travel, move around and work in many states.

So this post appears to have been another example of the well organized right-wing sleaze, slander and smear machine!

We've got to fight back harder than ever.  Don't let McCain/McBush take back the White House!

Plus... Al Franken, author of "Rush Limbaugh Is A Big Fat Idiot" is effin' hilarious!!!
But on the flip side, if you get passionate people talking about this kinda thing, it's easy to dismiss them as "conspiracy theorists." And this judgement is somewhat justified - since the reasons behind this probably isn't some sinister plan, but just simple social phenomenon.

I think our best bet is for some sociologists and anthropologists to study this, understand it, and then propose ways to change our course in a non-accusatory way.
Why should it be? That you and I should get along so awfully.... doo doo DOO

[deleted]
I don't own, nor would I buy, one of those.
All weekend?!  It's about time to submit it to The Smithsonian for archiving!  Wow, to be three days younger again.
He said "...we're more popular than Jesus NOW". "Now" was not 2004 and later.
Forget Paris, check out [Harry Potter](http://www.google.com/trends?q=harry+potter%2C+jesus&amp;ctab=0&amp;geo=all&amp;date=all&amp;sort=0).
My understanding is that the Fed prefers any level of inflation to any level of deflation. The actions taken today are in line with creating inflation with the hope of counter-acting the looming deflationary threat.
What stimulus check?  Oh, you mean the welfare check...
A simple search for stretch. I needed an image of an athlete stretching to add to a newsletter.
looks more like an iTablet to me
&gt;New York dollars versus Kansas City dollars

Excellent point. You can imagine how embarrassed I was the last time I flew into Kansas City and forgot to get them exchanged. Boy was there egg on my face!
elite?
It's funny you said that... "A heartbreaking work of staggering genius" by Dave Eggers, the founder of McSweeney's, was required reading for me in college. 
My machine can only address nibbles, you insensitive clod?
It's never a bad month for sex.
That says "warmest".
Ah, another bird person.  Do you let your birds shit on top of your head like the rest of the bird people?
Why just yours? What makes you think yer so damned special?!
I'm trying to prove that:

&gt; Your body produces DMT when you're about to die naturally.

and

&gt; It's produced by your pineal gland as your born, in near-death experiences, sleep, and when you die. It seems to be related to stress. Hence why people that almost die see "white lights" and people that are sleeping think they get abducted by aliens and stuff.

Is an amusing idea and, at this point in time, nothing more. It's not fact, as you made it out to be. The purpose of DMT in our bodies is not yet known.
I've never cut my dinner steak with a sword... might be interesting though.
Standard Shipping was only $3.99 for me (to HI no less), might be worth not buying something else.

Secure rooms if they must have windows have special windows which will not shake or vibrate.

Special rooms with soundproof padding are used for communication equipment rooms.
Even if they're used for discrete circuits, they seem pretty useful. The most obvious application be a more dense, faster replacement for flash memory (maybe as fast as SRAM?)

For processors, I kinda have a picture in my head of an adder constructed out of memristors which would require many fewer elements than one built out of transistors. If my understanding of how these things works is correct, if you had a memristor that could represent 4 discrete values (0, 1, 2 and 3), each one could be a one-bit adder with carry; 32 for a 32-bit adder.  If they could represent 8 discrete values (0 - 7), each could be a two-bit adder (16 for a 32 bit adder), etc.
I'm sorry, but it's just not made up.  The truth IS bad enough, and denying it doesn't make it more palatable.  We have committed genocide, which was the example you cited. Does it really matter that ours was 150 years ago and Husseins was 25 years ago?   Other than perhaps using chemical weapons, this country has committed every heinous act that we accused Hussein of, and every justification that was used to invade and destroy Iraq is something that this country has committed at one time or another.  Recently in many cases...  I'm still waiting for you to name something that Saddam is actually guilty of that we haven't done in our past. (or present) I've brought up the chemical weapons, so lay it on me...  
Please. It is a moronic and barbaric ritual. And if you tell me kids don't land awkwardly on their arms sometimes and break them, you are a liar.
Oh crud, that's my cue!  I'm not prepared!  THIRTY SILVER!  OINTMENT!  BETRAYAL METAPHOR!  2000 YEARS AGO!  CRUCIFIXION!

...That could have gone better.
Good for Spike Lee, I'm glad someone spoke up.
Democracy is watching everyone around you 'vote' for the lesser evil, then having the privilege of buying your own chains because the Country 'voted' for its leader.
So far sounds sensible. I'm not in favor of criminalizing sex as a principle, but it's not a horrible law and does serve a purpose.

I do wonder how many cases are in which sexy 15-16 years old girl hook up with 22-25 years old. I do know at least one case (met the girl years after, and I'm pretty sure she took the initiative at the time).

All things considered, I'd have put the age difference at 10 years.
Let me explain.  Honor killings are on the rise.  Who are these killings against? Women.  Who produces children? Women.  Kill your women, kill your ability to reproduce.  Over time population declines, becomes obsolete, dies out.  Sure this will all take a few more centuries, but if they just keep killing their wives, thats the best outcome we could have ever hoped for.

Agree?
rubbish.. There are plenty of good jobs out there.. Doesn't matter to much which language you pick..In any long term position you will use them all and a host of new ones..
I generally do DotNet. But of course in the real world, that includes,Java script,HTML,SQL,C#......
Just finished a project with PHP , hand helds.
The point is you have to be a self learner, replacing ALL of your skills about every 2 years, or at least a major upgrade.
But after you have the requirements and the logic of a system, it pretty much comes down to syntax.
Programming pretty much Mon - Friday.
Network/infrastucture 24-7 Nights and Weekends
BTW ,NO DIPLOMA, NO DEGREE, NO CERTIFICATIONS and Im doing about 200k for the past 10 yrs.


Maybe they're protesting the ban on fake testicles.
I don't believe that most of the people who voted were actually natives.
Maybe you missed my point. The point is not the quantity of endorsements, but the quality of the coverage. The day that a governor of an upcoming primary state endorsed Clinton, the media played up the endorsement from a minor representative from a smaller, unrelated state. To me that seems rather biased in it's reporting.
Sounds like Hotel California.
[deleted]
Creepy.
http://www.electoral-vote.com

This dude was spot on in both 2000 and 2004.

I'm with you, though. While I am totally turned off from Obama right now thanks to the reddit zombies, I would vote for him if it comes down to him vs. McCain. I wonder how many of the automatons here would do the same were it Clinton vs. McCain....

Sad.
There is a comment on the talk that addresses this issue:

I think it's worth considering the coupling between two of the phenomena Warren describes: the transition from single- to dual-income households and the vast increase in the cost of housing. Middle-class people are bidding for a fixed supply of desirable housing (if not quite fixed, close to it). Once a critical mass of families become dual income, the price of such assets increases, such that it's no longer possible to independently choose to remain single-income without having to live in (e.g.) a terrible neighbourhood. So the transition to dual income in itself increases the amount families have to spend on housing.

So there's a co-ordination problem: the choices others make impact on the payoffs associated with choices indivudual families make. I suspect that what happened previously to prevent an "arms race" with families working more and more (second earner plus longer hours) to maintain their rank position was a combination of social and economic factors. On the social side a sexist perception of the correct role of women (needless to say, not a good thing in itself) limited female workforce participation, and equally there were implicit limits on working hours for men. On the economic front, unions created explicit barriers to excessive work effort. Taken together you had a de facto limit on the work effort of a typical family, which halted the arms race that might otherwise have ensued.

There is also an effect of inequality: it increases the "location gradient" for housing. Simply put, in the relatively egalitarian past (and present, in some countries) it wasn't as big a deal to not be in the very best neighbourhood. Today, location really is everything, and buyers know it.

The net effect of all of this is that while technology and globalization have greatly reduced the real cost of goods, we haven't enjoyed the fruits of this effect as much as we might otherwise have, because as families we've become locked in arms races with each other, working harder to chase scarce goods (mainly housing), in what is close to a zero-sum game. This is what explains the remarkable fact that while my mother (she's 70) marvels at how cheap everything is ("we had to save to buy a fridge"), she simultaneously thinks we as a couple work far too much. The difference for us is housing. My father could buy a house outright out of his earnings. We need to save every penny we have, both work full time and take out a mortgage which is uncomfortable to service, just to live in a nice area.
So my argument is absurd because FREE TIBET!!!?

I don't understand.
I like how at 0:56 after they flip their car the one guy gets out his map.
[deleted]
Pro shooters are usually sponsored by Benelli etc. so they compliment the gun a lot because that is how they make their living
Don't patronize successful businesses! Their employees don't need jobs!
&gt;Overall production fell 5.6% from a year ago, in part from natural field declines and maintenance.
Oil prices are at record levels, so Iran looks more and more tasty to Bush and his oil buddies. After you bomb them into the Stone Age, someone will have to rebuild their oil wells. I think Haliburton has quite a bit of experience in that.
They left off the last part. John McCain is an American **douchebag**.
Why hasn't anyone seen fit to do something about this piggyback technique?
Arrogance?
What if the user never requires that kind of bandwidth in the future? What punishment would come from a user not upgrading when they decide they needed the bandwidth just once and that time has passed?
[deleted]
What he did on the stand was perjure himself, right off the bat, against the advice of his counsel.
NO! You're DEAD WRONG.

Read the fuckin' Adobe presser... Adobe is NOT opening their SWF specification to allow other developers to create products the create SWF and FLV files.

&gt;The SWF specification has been published since 1998. Until today, the specification had a license agreement associated with it, which said that developers could write software to output SWF but could not make software that would **play SWF files**. These license terms were initially included to prevent fragmentation, which most client technologies have experienced. These terms have worked well for Flash Player over the past decade as it now reaches over 98% of PCs on the Web with a consistent runtime, enabling things such as the video revolution we see today across the Web. With this announcement, Adobe is removing this restriction from the SWF specification, as **we have established a consistent runtime** and we want to ensure the industry can confidently continue to support the SWF format. **This will permit the development of applications that play SWF files.** Adobe will of course remain focused on making the best, most reliable and consistently distributed implementation across desktops and devices.

They are simply opening the "player" specs in order to get the SWF/FLV platform onto DVD players, TVs and other NON-computer consumer products.

This announcement has NOTHING to do with being open. It's all about locking in the other side of the consumer electronics industry that Adobe needs as we move close to a converged internet-tv-wireless model.
true - but they didn't have the distinction of being the house with a robot doing their yard work. I'm sure that rouses some envy in the burbs...
I think I would draw a line between restraining someone with force and extracting information by force.
its you're
&gt; Why is it that every time someone becomes well-known, he turns into a self-absorbed douchebag?

I think it's the other way around: they manage to become well known because they're self-absorbed douchebags in the first place. The nice guy finishes last, and never goes anything brilliant enough to become well known.
Yes, and the implication was the end of the "one state solution" would come because Israel would "vanish".

God, you're an asshole. You're wrong on the issue on at hand to the point that you can't even address it, so you proceed with more irrelevant shit and ad hominem attacks.

You don't know shit about my politics. All I'm doing is calling a spade a spade.
It's always funny watching fundimentalists butt heads.
&gt; **"The Powers That Be realize that the U.S. needs what amounts to a slave-labor working class to compete with other nations. There's no way around it; the U.S. is broke. They're insuring wages not only stay down but will effectively go lower as things bottom out."**

WORTH REPEATING.

China is the Prototype of the Financiers. Why do you think we're such buddies with them? Why do you think they have no problem buying all this slave labor crap from China to sell it to the US?

Because they wouldn't care if we were those factory workers, either.
No joke, I drive a small VW and I'm forced to dodge these asswipes every fu*kin day.
I hope gas prices force these morons onto scooters.
Wasn't Alaska purchased from Russia though?
That way we can arrest even more people under suspicion of terrorism.
no, the essence of the comment is:

Have taste, don't support chains.
[deleted]
Hmm. Most of those companies have huge disclaimers about how you shouldn't use them for 911 calls..
They've never made profit from the player, or directly the flash *format* itself. Macromedia's and Adobe's profit source for Flash has *always* been the authoring envionment, and for a large part, this will not affect that at all, nor would it have before. It will take a while for any serious contender to Flash (the authoring tool) to appear - if ever. Likewise, there are dozens of commercial, and some open source, PDF authoring tools, but Adobe still makes a decent amount of profit from Acrobat, which is considered the industry leader, even though Acrobat Reader has been free for ages, and the document format has been open for years.
And the US Threatened war between 1818-46 over the Oregon Territory in the ["Fifty-Four Forty or Fight"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oregon_boundary_dispute) crap and the rest of your warmongering ["Manifest Destiny"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_Destiny) garbage


I don't think buying locally is the issue here. Besides, it's not always the best alternative. My locally-grown New York City coffee beans would undoubtedly be more harmful to the global environment than Columbian ones. Not to mention my stomach. 
STAND BACK! I'M GONNA TRY TURBO-LESBIANISM! 

...I mean... I'M GONNA TRY SCIENCE!
[tangentially](https://www.cafepress.com/strk3/739431)

No, we're just happy to see you... 
The mass doesn't really help in the example of the semi (that's more just the benefit of size), but mass *definitely* makes *you* safer, not the other driver.

The car isolates and protects the driver.  Large vehicles provide more isolation (more crumple room), and the heavier your vehicle, the more it will dominate in the event of a collision.  That is to say, in a head-on crash, a 2000kg vehicle will have a less substantial change in velocity than a 1000kg vehicle.  If your vehicle is big and heavy, you will undergo a smaller magnitude deceleration due to a smaller total change in velocity AND due to the additional room (time) to undergo that change in velocity.

Also, energy in a car does not get dissipated in a "bad" way.  Cars are designed to lose energy by bending steel.  The more steel you have, and the more room you have to bend that steel, the better.
I love how you are bashing him for confusing Chinese and Japanese people, while, in the same sentence, saying "ignorant white fucks" and earlier with "are you fucking stupid, or just white."

You win, sir.
if they played the game they would know that you're not forced to drive drunk.
Worse than the rejected nun: The English-degree-holder who wanted to write for a living but couldn't cut it.  Forced to teach, she hates everything about her job and lashes out at anyone who dares bat an eye out of line.
&gt;Overall production fell 5.6% from a year ago, in part from natural field declines and maintenance.
Time for this thing to be over?  What about "counting every vote"?  Wasn't it Democrats who alleged that everyone's vote wasn't counted in 2000?  Is there a reason to override the will of the people in the rest of the states with primaries even tho neither candidate has sealed the nomination?  Hypocrisy!

then get out from under your rock.
I suppose it should have been worded better.  I was referring to [this](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/12/03/iran.nuclear/index.html)
Yep! I'm a blogger/designer, too, so I know there's a lot to think about.


holy shit that was good.
You might be overlooking the fact that there are loads and loads of people to whom nobody pays attention, but are already completely self-absorbed douchebags. I'm a perfect example.

I think there are simply loads of douchebags, and some of them rise to the blogging-popularity of Joel and Paul et al.
Who needs to protect the environment when there is OIL! 
Yeah I know, why?
Yup, that seals it.

Naked women? On Linux?
[deleted]
Sorry, reddit has decided that Hawaii should be "free" and you and I will be downmodded because we don't agree.  Our comments are not spam but they will be treated like spam because we are wrong and they are right. 

It seems like the FreeTibeters have invaded this thread as well.  Tibet should be "free" and so should Hawaii because of this.
Exactly! You've nailed it right at the spot!
Your life is going to be filled with disappointment.
Wow!!  Somebody else has a genital access pigeon suit!
What's a cinema? 
That's it.  Hand over your Internet license.
When I read the article, I thought that it was logical but still sort of a "conspiracy theory" long shot. However, [this NYTimes article](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/29/opinion/29herbert.html?_r=2) really laid it out for me.

Of course, we can't read Pastor Wright's mind, but it's apparent that he's on board for himself and his own agenda, not for Obama.
Here's why I think a lot of superdelegates are undecided:  Yes, Obama has the moneyraising power and the youth draw. That is huge. However, Hillary's wins and Obama's tightest margins came in states that might actually have a chance of going Democrat in  November. Most of Obama's blowouts came in states that won't go Democrat unless 60% of their population suddenly dies. http://politics.nytimes.com/election-guide/2008/results/demmap/index.html

Now, I would agree that if Hillary wins, less Obama supporters will turn out to vote for her in November than Hillary supporters would turn out to vote for Obama; but I am not sure a lot of the superdelegates see it that way.

The bottom line is that there's *no way* most of the remaining supers have made a firm choice. They know as well as we do how idiotic, perhaps suicidal, it is to drag this contest out.
how did that even happen
Oh shut up, Mario Kart is easily one of the least progressively developed games, I mean shit, they haven't even upgraded to real cars yet.
He is the Manchurian Candidate
That's not what "market economy" means.
That is a massive exaggeration. 

The point of using a computer as a learning tool is that you can use the internet to discover and discuss any aspect of human knowledge. 

You can read about gardening and crop production. You can debate world history or philosophy in an online forum. You can access great works of art and literature. You can use math tools, game or simulations to model the world and experiment with it. Or, you can spend the time experimenting with source code.

Of all the avenues a computer opens for learning about the world, maybe one of them is closed by not having access to the source of the software on the computer itself. And even then, there is plenty of free code and tools (e.g., python) that can be used on Windows to experiment with writing software. The only thing the kids can't do is actually mess with the operating system itself and potentially hose the computer.
Park it in front of the local highschool. 
yeah, but he's 'out of touch' with what the corporate media wants (scandals, mudslinging, etc)
Isn't this like buying supers?  
What's the GOP's policy on gays?

I'm not saying Iran is perfect (it's far from it), but I am saying they're doing a better job of being diplomatic and obeying international law than Hillary is.

And if this war should have shown Washington ONE thing, it's that the Middle East is a far more complicated proposition than just marching in there guns blazing.
Please elaborate.
Truly, getting back to nature. 
This isn't free - but I have not found anything better than this explanation of what the entire practice of meditation is about.  It also includes more meditation techniques than I have seen anywhere else.  It's changed my life. [http://www.anandagalleria.com/new/html/books-detail_1.aspx?id=B1&amp;Type=A](http://www.anandagalleria.com/new/html/books-detail_1.aspx?id=B1&amp;Type=A)
[deleted]
[deleted]
That sounds very awesome, but did they *really* just leave her on the line from first to second with a debilitating knee injury, screaming and crying in agony, while they deliberated over the rules of the situation? The coach just kind of yelling over there "Hey! Nobody touch her because then the run wont count! C'mon, you can do it, crawl over to the bases!"

Baseball just got way hardcore.
Reverse diabetics?
Are all of them there?  Or are there racially insensitive people everywhere?
Wow, nicely said!

See people, this is the perfect example of **internet speak** - you know what he/she is saying yet it is twisted into a short sweet metaphor of a sentence.
they got the balloon mortgage wrong.  what they're talking about is an ARM.  A balloon mortgage is one where you pay a small amount every month during your introductory period, and then when your intro period ends, you owe a huge check for the rest of your outstanding balance.  
It's a tragedy. It's a fucking tragedy.
Exactly. A bit of enlightenment, perhaps. 
Talk about a baby shower...
[deleted]
In general, in Haskell, `then` and `else` should be indented further to the right than the leading `if`. 

    myDrop n xs =
        if n &lt;= 0 || null xs
            then xs
            else myDrop (n - 1) (tail xs)

And tabs should always be expanded to spaces (use -Wtabs is a good idea).
how could it be the same??? Israel has the bomb, we have the bomb.  Iran has no bomb to "obliterate" the Zionist empire.  Is having bushes cock in your mouth making u happy at the office?  
The USA at the time was a collection of minor collonies itself.  But, for some reason, the warmongering had already taken root.
The implications of a 4th elementary passive circuit element is a pretty big deal.  If the device can be fabricated consistently and accurately, then it could give rise to many new applications in many different disciplines within EE.  Anything ranging from filter design, solid state electronic such as memory is the obvious one, but I think there could be analog applications such as new filters.  
[deleted]
Word.
According to the theory of property rights advocated by many supporters of the "free market", it is merely an example of owners exercising their property rights. If your boss decides to give your cubicle to someone else, or set your salary at $.01 a day, the only recourse you have is to leave.

However, I personally am not a believer in the primacy of property rights above all others.
[deleted]
Take the 8086; there are two encodings of a conditional jump:

        jz somewhere
    vs
        jnz t
        jmp somewhere
        t:

The second one is the only way to do a jump longer than 127 bytes, but it takes up more space, so you want to use the first version as much as possible. Unfortunately, if `somewhere` hasn't been assembled yet, we don't know what the distance will be.

The standard way (at least back then) was to assemble once assuming all jumps are long, then assemble again using conservative estimates from the first pass.
I'm sure you have some informative bumper stickers to offset your SUV ownership. 
6. The discoverer has worked in isolation.
7. The discoverer must propose new laws of nature to explain an observation. 

These "warning signs" describe how some of the most revolutionary paradigm shifts in physics occurred. Newton and Einstein anyone?
[That is irrelevant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overthrow_of_the_Hawaiian_Kingdom)

[deleted]
This is like being asked whether you want to be burned to death or frozen to death. While you might have a preference for one over the other, you're dead either way.

Seriously. I've really found myself screwed over more times than I can count by programmers who insist on "writing their own" when there are perfectly good components out there to do the job with a bit of hacking. And I certainly wouldn't want to work with somebody who prefers not to write code.

Hire neither.
[deleted]
[deleted]
you fags sure got told.
You should meet some actual fucking people in the real world
Cute.  But actually, you do make a good point.  The people we call native Hawaiians immigrated to the Islands only a few hundred years ago.  Do you suppose they will track down THOSE inhabitants and give them THEIR share?  Probably not...
Moissanite is an insult.
Good point, I knew that but messed up when typing the title.  Wish we had a feature to edit the title, with a history feature to keep people honest.

You mean schadenfreude?
[deleted]
While that is certainly true in some cases, it's a blanket statement and not totally accurate. The idea that standard of living is better now depends on which items you choose to measure that standard of living. E.g. if you're concerned with material goods, then, yes, it's improved; if you're concerned with healthcare, then I'm not so sure. One thing I hope we get out of this mess is a "back to basics" approach to life.
Then why don't they wear uniforms?
They actually do... Kind of...
My point being,If I were a terrorist, they would not deter me. Give it five minutes of thought and you can figure out how to Identify them on an airplane and neutralize them..
They are useful when some drunk is making an ass of himself, but not for much else.
Ickey Woods
[deleted]
At the time there was no unrest between the people who were living there, native or not. All those who lived there were allowed to vote and they voted to become a state. At the time, Hawaii was a territory with some amount of self governance by the natives. Those natives in command did not fight against statehood and by a large margin the natives supported it. Of course there were some natives who were unhappy, but the 17 to 1 margin is strong evidence against the theory that a majority were unhappy.  
not certain, but this sounds unconstitutional. States have authority over the election of electors
Oh, really.
So, you don't drive a car? I'm guessing you bike everywhere, and grow your own food, and this is one of those crank powered laptops they give to Africans? 
I think points \#4 and \#5 in the article below the video are ridiculous:

&gt;(4) Savings sufficient to pay all ordinary expenses for at least a year, including maintenance of the health insurance, in case of illness or job loss.
&gt;
&gt;(5) In addition, factor in a savings account strictly for the post secondary education of each child in the family.

Instead of \#4 people should have long term disability insurance, keep up with their skills, and be willing to relocate.  They should also live modestly in order to not need a lot in the event of a job loss.

\#5 is completely unnecessary.  It's ridiculous the way this country has gotten, that you have to have a college degree to be a store manager.  If we got off the higher education treadmill that the GI Bill put us on then millions of man years of resources would not be lost each year because people who don't need to be in college would be working.
I agree, but must add:

Have taste, don't support chains, *whenever possible*. 


I live in North Carolina and the endorsements received by Obama from Kentucky representatives had more air time than my own states governor. As for what methodology you used to compile coverage time, I'd love to see it and be proven wrong. 
Simple rule:

   * nested things indent further to the right.
   * statements at the same nesting have the same indenting.

We can look over the layout discussion, if that's catching people up.
"Since coming to America, I'm astounded by the number of people who don't have a passport."

Americans are notoriously poor travellers.  They just dont leave the country.
how do i get one of those?
I agree, it's a very nice book. I just want a pizza.
Duhhhhh judge much?
If half the whites voted for Obama, how does that make them racist?

Most of them probably voted based on the issues.

Most of the blacks probably voted based on skin color.
There was a mountain of incredibly damning circumstantial evidence.  People are convicted of murder on far less all the time.  The kind of slam-dunk perfect DNA match evidence you see in the movies is really quite rare.  This is how justice works.  The fact that the very first thing he did on the stand was perjure himself probably didn't help his case much either.
You hit it. The revolution has started with flowers. http://www.greenparty.ca/en/node/4440. We just need to keep feeding it, and it will grow.
"This is just a horrifying case," she said. "Someone who would do this to an animal is a short step away from doing this to a human being."

LOL! In my day we had a word for shooting animals with guns: hunting
Either that or he is storing nuts in his cheeks for winter.
I want one!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZrr7AZ9nCY
This is an intelligent and even-handed title. Good work.
And you can get a refill for 50 cents!
I'm not sure I've ever seen a wikipedia article with 3 neutrality flags before ... nice "evidence." 
http://www.whois.net/dnr/index.php?d=stockmarketcrash09&amp;tld=com

^^ Get it now.  Not taken.  Ride this bandwagon o'pointless all the way into the sunset.
Making a small car get good gas mileage? Not so hard. Making the average giant American car get good gas mileage? Now that requires serious technological innovation.

It's just like GM putting hybrid systems in all their vehicles (my favorite: the Escalade Hybrid). Maybe it's time we just built smaller, more efficient, and (often) safer cars?
You got his e-mail address?

Its highly likely that they *believe* in a god, but that doesnt mean they do, nor even so, that hes to blame for their abominable acts
[deleted]
What title would you have used?

Interestingly, on the lefty satellite radio station I listen to sometimes, they did focus on this, but mostly to question the governor's use of the word "pansy" and to speculate whether it would be offensive to homosexual men.

I'm pretty sure that it won't go much further though, because the MSM is not likely to pick up pansygate or they'll risk their conservative audience by defending gays.

But to answer your point - yes, it's interesting that Obama's are getting more attention, but I think it might be considered newsworthy since he lost Pennsylvania and is still pulling in the SDs. 
[deleted]
Hell, I can't even buy a six pack of good beer, and I drive to work 5 days a week!
Anybody who bought coffee from Starbucks should be executed already -- it'll be good for the economy and our species in general.
Isn't this a good thing? Violent criminals have found a way to vent themselves instead of doing it to real people?

Violent crimes defined by modern law existed before games on equal if not higher levels than they do today.

I'd say the drop is a blessing...
What about "don't pay anything for 1 year"?  
Reddit is full of these sites that predict gloom and doom. When the predictions fail to come true, you don't hear a peep about them again. Some other crap post pops up in its place. Voted down!
I'm looking for a economy car to replace the one that we have that is getting really old.  Problem with cars that are only a year or two old is that they really aren't that much cheaper than a new car, especially considering the incentives that you can often get from the mfg if you're paying cash or have great credit.  Getting the older car often offers less warranty protection, etc, as well.  I haven't really found it to be true that you save a lot by buying one or two years old.  ($12,000 for an xA isn't far from what they sold for new -- since that was the last year I can't compare to current prices, but Edmunds says that the TMV is between $10,300 and $10,900).
I'd go with debian too.
Stripped down to what you really need, yet easy to install other stuff with apt-get.
Also very simple to install... It's the first Linux Distro I installed and didn't had difficulties doing it... Very straightforward 
+ Ubuntu is based on it.
population control through destruction of reproductive capacity only works if you substantially reduce that capacity.   Very few husbands kill their wives, though islamic law does generally prohibit women from driving or going out uncovered--so the reduced death rate from auto accidents and skin cancer probably more than offsets the honor killing. 
In contrast, the Yankees are the number one baseball team at $1.3bil, well less than the 1.8bil of Man U

The Redskins (seriously?) are about the same at 1.246bil

The Knicks, Maple Leafs, and Roush Racing are somewhere about 1/2bil each as the rest of the tops in their sports.

http://www.forbes.com/lists/

I also find it incredible that the lowest ranked team across the 4 major sports lists (the Nashville Predators) still is worth 143 million.  Thats insane.
It is actually a plot by the pigeons to gain human sympathy. They are really wearing one of [these](http://www.partybox.co.uk/details.asp?product=4507).

And everyone is falling for it.
Your last statement is probably the most powerful I have seen in a while.


If you're looking for experience that will be most directly applicable to jobs then go with the RedHat/FedoraCore/CentOS route.

I'd also suggest playing around with various virtualization solutions such as VMWare, OpenVz, VirtualBox, etc.
[deleted]
It's better to have a little context as to why people are upset now.

Maybe the fact that people are fighting about it on wikipedia will give you *more* insight.
I just have an anecdote to report, but air time devoted to Obama endorsements (and coverage) is a lot more substantial IMO.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lemme get this straight.

I frequently see reddit submissions about the MSM ignoring real problems while it focuses on Britny Spears/Miley Cyrus/$RANDOM_BIMBO.

Yet this submission shoots up to number one, while a submission about 81 people being killed by deliberately tainted medicine goes [nowhere](http://reddit.com/goto?id=6hs79).

Right.


Yes, Harold &amp; Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay took place in New Jersey.
In other words:

OMFG Obama *orgasm*

F-U Clinton

McCain Sux!!!!ONE!!!!

UBUNTU

APPLE IPHONE MAC

WINDOWSUXXXXX

EXXON = DEVIL

GLOBAL WARMING = HELL ON EARTH

Seriously, Reddit has gone to the gutter. Shame, it **was** innovative.
I don't think that US Mexican relations are [historically](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican american war)

What?  Ever heard of California or Texas?

The entire South West of the continent is occupied territory from the wars of the 19th century.
w
strengthwisdomdetectenchant
Downmodded for transparent ignorance.
[deleted]
&gt; he pretty much appeared crazy and paranoid on the stand.

How many of us would appear serene and poised on the stand,  facing a skilled prosecutor whose job is to make you look bad,  and knowing that your life depended on it?

If looking crazy and paranoid is enough to convict someone of murder,  let's hope that no one in your entourage decides to disappear back to the ol' country...

EDIT: thinking about it, someone who is actually guity would be more likely to display a serene and poised attitude... On the other hand, if someone is really trying to frame you up, you'd have every reason to look paranoid...
Like those people need any encouragement.
[deleted]
Man, my reddit crush on you made me fall out my chair when I saw you responded.  

But then, I have always had a thing for unattainable men.  
He's a marine, not a navy seal you pansy.
I personally do. But we can't just ignore it. I'm all for calling out the media for spending too much time on this, but we should also be calling them out for inaccurate information at the same time.
I.  Did not.  Need that image.  In my HEAD.
You are doing it for the acceptance of other people?  Sure you're allowed to..
Oops. Should've read your reply before posting mine.
But yeah, I heard a lot about this endorsement that day as well.
Being drunk on their plan, they lifted up the sun
thanks.
Well, you can easily simulate Mueller-gates in your logic chains -- so software support isn't that much of an issue.

A lot of it is simply interfaces. External components expect synchronous interfaces. This ends up being a betamax vs. vhs type of issue, where the most popular selection wins simply because it is the most popular.

Also, it takes a fair amount of re-think on the part of the engineer to take good advantage of this technology. Without that, clocked designs are smaller, consume similar power, and are often not much faster.


It's ok, we have robot insurance from Mutual of Omaha.
I've often thought the same thing but with no scientific data to back it up.  Cool.  I like smaller ones... and smaller chicks in general.
In other words: Be afraid - Be very afraid.
Coffee snob.
A big-ass wallet
I've got to admit MS has made some good software. At one point Internet Exploder was the best browser for pre-OS X Macs (when IE5 for Mac first came out), and Word and Works were always dependable for classic Macs. Never did like their OSes, though I've had no experience with NT ...
Your evidence has 3 flags that suggest the article is full of shit ... nice evidence. 
Mother fuckers stole the goddamn sun!
*shudder*
and where it does refer to equal work, there is still a lack of equal pay.

Unfortunately too many organizations cite all the data of "median incomes."  Ultimately this undermines their argument (which actually has strong evidence...though not as profound).

The fact is there is a societal underappreciation and gender segregation  of home-based occupations as well as a disparity in pay between men and women in outside-of-home occupations. There is a clear necessity for a more egalitarian attitude and policy... unfortunately, the logicless use the weaknesses in a stretched-thin-but still-accurate argument to play on people's ignorance and misogyny.
So, I guess the real question is: Is this a case product tampering/sabotage or is it a case of counterfeiting?
* Mortgages suck out people's souls
[deleted]
I would have said nothing if the blog was ad-free. But Ads + Remashing other people content, without adding any new technical explanation or any creative stuff + submission to reddit = blogspam for me. Seriously, what's the value of this post? "Summarizing"? I call that stealing attention deserved to the original author, for personnal profit.
What makes you think he owns his property? Your ownership of property is a fiat promise, only as good as the government that enforces your claim. These things giveth and they taketh away.
David Eggers is Postmodern in that he has been heavily effected by it.  This is actually called postmodernity rather than post-modernism (kind of annoying eh?).  Postmodernity is the part of mainstream culture that has been effected by postmodernism.
that is not true, I've seen people on their multiple times.  One guy played twice and his combined earnings was like $6
Free Hawaii?  I'll take three!
It's a spoiler for several films.
There have always been good reasons to go green but they're made a lot better when we find ways like these to make green cheaper.
heh. Yeah. Thanks.
The way I see it, user pays in both cases. When he doesn't pay for upgrade, he pays by displaying your advertisement (branding your image host) and that can bring new users, some of them may purchase the upgrade.
Jesus would have stronger words for this hypocrite who enjoys the benefits of American wealth but does not respect  the sacrifice of those who selflessly defend it.
It looks like people still do. According to the article, revenue INCREASED by 12%, which suggests that people are buying MORE of their $4 coffee. The fact that the profits declined is most likely because Starbucks have kept their prices constant while the cost of the supplies have shot through the roof.
If by snob you mean "one who enjoys good coffee and frowns on bad coffee" then I agree

Wright was held up by Obama as his spritural mentor, his moral compass.....this tells the voters alot about the man and his judgement (or lack there of).

Combine this with public backing by Hamas, Black Panthers, and Hugo Chavez a definite pattern emerges.
a she-gay probably isn't going to catch on either.
[deleted]
&gt;Why is the government to stay out of your business but not that of hookers and clients? 

If I break the law, I fully expect the gov to be all up in my business.  But I don't.
Doesn't matter. He needs endorsements from stupid people. If you haven't noticed, the idiots rule the village now. He needs Nascar, Fox News and the WWE. I think that he would have more success in this election if he just became a walmart greeter. 

And you know she's gaining in the polls?

http://www.boston.com/news/politics/politicalintelligence/2008/05/polls_hint_at_c.html

I know. What grinches some people are, sheesh.
That can't be pedobear, she is waaay TOO OLD.
On Brazilian media sometimes you can see the term "estadunidense" instead of "americanos". That's because in portuguese USA is EUA (Estados Unidos da America). I've seen in other languages also, but don't remember.

Anyway, I was just trolling :D   If you think about it, both sides of the argument are kind of right. (IMO)
Do you think the masses are going to start seeing the Wright thing as an intentional distraction?
To concede your point further, the Articles of Confederation were eternal as well.  It's more of a statement of what will be attempted, even at great costs (civil war - 620k dead), than a certainty.  
This may well be a useful device, but in no way is it equivalent to the resistor, capacitor, and inductor. In fact, the resistor, capacitor, and inductor represent all possible linear circuit components. 

The memristor is an example of a nonlinear circuit component, of which there are many other examples. Hell, there are like 10 different types of diodes alone. 

This device appears to be similar to a varistor or a varactor in that it can be viewed as a small-signal linear device whose characteristics can be controlled by the large component of the signal. And of course, there are plenty of other devices with hysteresis, including ferrite core inductors, not to mention core memory (a magnetic RAM technology) of which this appears to be a nanoscale equivalent.
*[WALNUTS!!1](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X8dLXvqu8k)* for president!
Probably because people post things like this in the Programming reddit.
Is there any other product whose manufacturers get sued when the product works properly and is properly labeled?

As to distribution, I'm sure there are a few gun stores that sell to known criminals, but that's not the manufacturers' fault.


I enjoy your reductionist take on it.I would love to hear your review of all sorts of products and art.

"blah blah blah, his only son gave his life to save us, bitch bitch bitch, moan moan, do good deeds"

"verse chorus verse, some about a seargeant, stupid lyrics they wrote on the reefer, blah blah, guitar noodling"

"same ole shit, just some broad sitting there with a stupid smirk with stupid mountains and dumbass stuff like that"

"ahh you know, yadda yadda yadda, government cant tell you to shut up, and you can own guns to shoot other dumbasses, and the government can't come into your home, not like they would, cause it's probably boring and full of gay shit"
As a puritan I would like Massachusetts bay colony returned to those that rightfully stole it from the Indians.
Ah. Somehow I think its unlikely. Academics make findings and give lectures all the time. I've seen it.
the masses? no.

sigh.
This USED to be Ron Paul's official campaign site until the Obamites took over..
There really is no use to try and find the P90X promo code. They only come out every once in awhile. Instead of wasting a lot of time trying to find it you can go and buy one at a discounted price through wholesalers. The price from the company with shipping is $140. The wholesalers sell them for about $100-$120 with shipping depending on where you live. If you get the P90X chin up bar with it you will be able to save even more money through the wholesalers.
"memrist**o**rs"
Proof that those jail stats from last week were all about jailing dumb people so finally they can be productive to society as a private-jail corp. pawn.

And for a record co. no less!. that just brought it to a new level of dumb.
Ready on day one to obliterate those women and children!
[deleted]
You mean, contrary to popular Reddit belief, most people really are quite sane about how they spend their money?

No wai!
I'm nearly right there with ya; I'll still hit mom&amp;pop operations that have a couple or three locations in a small area.

Not only are you supporting your local economy, you're getting a much much better product.  One that hasn't been made by an assembly line to exacting specifications.  Maybe your burger isn't perfectly round, maybe your coffee is a little stronger one day than the next, but that's the joy of it.  

Someone made it, and they didn't have a little sheet of paper telling them what the tolerances are for the product.  No R&amp;D department telling them exactly what hue the coffee should be, or exactly how many seconds the pizza should be cooked.  Just someone (or someones) with some skill at actually preparing food, and a proper kitchen.
Fundie - I was thinking of a totally different thing.
no, that is exactly what the article is claiming. they have receptors in the retina that are sensitive to the earth's magnetic field. read it again. 
omg that's fucking hilarious.  nice work
Obviously thats the theoretical maximum. The "ultra-portable" ibook is not getting 4.5 hours of life either.

The hot swapable battery \*omg\* that replaces the disk drive is said to boost the battery life "over 12 hours."
[deleted]
There is a paradox with what you are saying and the innocent until proven guilty legal system.
Come on stupids, figure it out. It's the only ultraportable that comes with OSX. That is enough reason to buy it (and it's why I'm liking it a lot better than my old dell ultraportable).
How the hell does a Pelican get stuck in a tree? THEY CAN FLY. JUST FLY OUT OF THERE YOU STUPID PELICAN
I do know, however, that she spent 30 seconds staring at it like a Chimpanzee, going "WHUR DUR COFFEE"
[deleted]
I lol'd
I am a hunter and I personally must fight the constant urge to shoot people.
feck.
You are right.  I'm a pussy for caring about babies.  A true man such as yourself doesn't care. 
I hear they're suing the pants off people who admit to movie piracy on social news sites.
This could just be Mr Plastic Surgeon riding on the publicity? Fingers have grown back before. And we do have the genetic code for it... hell we were always told blind people couldn't have electronics to see... but look at recent advancements. :)
That went over your bean sized head.
I think he could have used you a month ago.
You're mixing your arguments.  The example you gave was of two vehicles of equal mass, yet you now talk about having more mass.  Sure, more mass wins, but with equal mass, less is better.  

Perhaps with less mass the truck could have stopped in time to avoid the whole mess.
They used to call her [Katie Fey](http://www.freehostedpics.com/hosted/cam02/katie/u05u/katie-fey-15.jpg) or something like that.  Used to do her own site, but now I think all she does is Met-Art.  One of my personal favorites.
The only person having sex with a 14 or 15 year old should be another 14 or 15 year old.
[deleted]
Any prohibitions on Japan's military come from Japan. 

Japan has had a Self Defense Force since the mid-1950s and has been buying U.S. arms since  that time.

The only prohibitions on U.S. weapons purchases come from the U.S. government. There are certain weapons systems that they don't like to sell, even to allies. 

But of course, companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin and Raytheon and General Dynamics don't like those prohibitions and lobby heavily against them.

Thanks to such lobbying, Japan is the proud owner of several Aegis combat systems-equipped warships and is on the verge of acquiring the [F-22 Raptor](http://www.aviationweek.com/aw/generic/story_channel.jsp?channel=defense&amp;id=news/aw042307p2.xml) fighter-bomber.
i especially like the warning on the discussion page:
"Discussions on this page may escalate into heated debate. Please try to keep a cool head when commenting here. See also: Wikipedia:Etiquette."
Hey first off I wasn't on that job, second I'm a warmongering former colonialist Brit thank you very much. I just live here and honestly I don't care who gets in. They let me in god help them. I only got into this to point out that Canada is a sovereign nation and not just the part of the US where they say Eh? all the time and drink beer in the snow.
Her name is *Britney Spears*
angryJoel on software :)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Conflict of interest. Less people would need plastic surgery. Also, I would want the story reviewed by a biologist or dermatologist specializing in skin regeneration, not a plastic surgeon. He's right, though. It is junk science if they haven't proven it. But they never claimed it to be real science.
No no, I'm sure we weren't sucked in *this* time.  His skepticism seems pretty poorly supported actually...looking at photos and simply concluding we're just not smart enough to accomplish what was claimed seems just a *tad* short on rigor.
Bush does a double take and enslaves all the minorities for their protection. 
Hey, there are plenty of good American beers!  Ever heard of Natural Ice?
wtf is a detergent suicide?  why can't people just jump off buildings any more?
Which makes it oh-so-perfect for reddit.
18 people inhabited hawaii in 1959?
[deleted]
I'm around 30-50% Hawaiian and the locals (white, Japanese and natives alike) all have a kind of snarky attitude when I've been there. They provide tourist services and sell tourist goods but it's almost like they resent you for being there. 

Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of cool people there but it's one of the few states I've been to with that sort of feeling.
And then giving them cell phones...
It's an article that antagonizes *the land of the free*, what did you expect?

Some justification for lawful annexation - to support the illusion of moral superiority, that allows the US to *spread democracy* and *lead the free world*?

...Did you find it? rats
Wal-Mart shouldn't give Debbie a cent. The only reason the agreed to anything is because of all the cry-babies in the media. If you actually read the entire story of what happened, Debbie sued a third party and collected from that lawsuit. Her policy, that she signed, states that walmart has the right to its money back should someone collect money from a lawsuit. 

(There is nothing wrong with that!)

Don't give me any bullshit about how walmart should pay debbie just because they have so much money sitting around. Bill Gates has a couple billion to spare, should the courts force him to give some of that to debbie? No!  that would make just as much sense as forcing walmart to give debbie money just because they have so much.
[deleted]
I think it depends on where your tipping point is from "learning" to flat-out masochism.  That is, there are distros out there that will force you to learn a lot, but learning how to use them right off the bat might be too much pain for your taste.

So, with that in mind, here are my recommendations.  If you want quick and easy rewards, but less learning, go with Ubuntu.  There's a helpful community, and it'll get you going quickly.  If you want to dig in deeper to start out, try something in the range of Debian or Fedora (I prefer Debian, in this category).  But then, if you're a fast learner, are willing to work hard to figure out how to do "simple" things, go with ArchLinux or Gentoo.  They'll make you want to stab yourself in the eye sometimes, but if you can get through that, you'll have a really good understanding of what goes on under the hood of a linux system.

I currently use Gentoo, and it takes me a long time to get things set up the way I like them, but I learn a ton in the process.

edit: Also, Gentoo and ArchLinux will give you easier access to the bleeding edge stuff that's out there, but they have the potential to be less stable.  The other distros I mentioned (especially Debian) are rock solid stable, but less up to date with newer features.
Imagine his name on official documents. Gay, John. 

I was skimming a Gay family tree once for the hell of it, and one of them was, "Gay, D.P." Now that is not a well thought-out name. 
I never said it was a part of the Union for a century, I said it has been occupied by the US for over a century.  
[deleted]
I disagree with this philosophy. As a good capitalist, I buy coffee wherever I get the best product for the money. I used to live around the corner from an independent cafe that was dirty and served disgusting coffee with poor service. All the local hipsters loved it and hated Starbucks. Now, if they spend enough money there and they open a 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 100th location then what have they proven? This is pretty much how Starbucks started.
I have only seen the image shackbandwidth exceeded message never an image.

I will never use Image Shack.

Sticking with Flickr.
Not necessarily -- you could buy one sucky but expensive hardback, sell it, and buy several useful paperbacks (e.g. foreign editions).

That said, I would suggest Cormen, Leiserson, and Rivest's "Introduction to Algorithms."  It's one of a very few CS textbooks that I've used outside the course I bought it for.  "Algorithms" by Sanjoy Dasgupta is also excellent.

If you don't need those, buy Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States."  It's not about CS, but it will teach you more than most CS books.
I've noticed the same about people who never go to Starbucks. (Including me!)
Hmm... I dig that idea. 
I see what they're doing there.
Additionally, McDonald's is gearing up to sell 'premium coffee' at a large number of stores in the states and abroad.

Laugh all you like but there are more McDonald's in the world than Starbucks by a large margin. It has been said for a long time that SB over-saturated their market. There's only so much grande mocha frappachino the world needs.
Yeah... I guess you can usually see a bit better at 70 mph because you are a little further behind.  But it depends on what traffic is like as well.
Wouldn't it be a whole lot cheaper to pay a middle school student to mow your lawn then to buy this thing?
No, SUVs will be the new affordable housing.  Mall parking lots have plenty of room to house millions in new SUV slums.  The Malls are going under too, so why not?

Kind of like shantytowns but instead of living in tents people live in SUVs.  Instead of calling them Hoovervilles they'll be called Bushtowns.
Of course taxes don't reduce taxable income, but what does that have to do with anything? I never used the word "overhead."

The point is, if corporate income taxes go up, companies make less money, just like if if your personal income taxes go up, you make less money. Raising prices is a natural and obvious response to making less money. (There are other things they could do, of course, such as cutting expenses by laying off a bunch of people.) 

So even if all oil companies raised their prices after a larger tax were imposed, it would prove nothing about collusion among them, any more than it would prove collusion if they raised prices when one of their other industry-wide expenses went up.
HRG!
I agree - thoughts are *not* reality.  Therefore negativing thinking is not reality.  And "positive" thinking is also not reality.  Of course, until all thinking is dissolved, it is a good practice to stop thinking negative thoughts, and that can inherently create good thoughts - a change in perspective.  But, in the end, if one succeeds in their meditative/spiritual path - there will not be any thoughts (i.e. mental chatter) to be interpreted as either positive or negative.  
No you wouldn't.

I'll bet if you bought a motorcycle or a dirt bike and drove it around during good weather, your costs would break even with those of a car.

Is it ironic that the site doesn't have a feed?
[Full Interview](http://www.jambase.com/Articles/9391/LONE-WOLF-HANGIN'-WITH-STEVE-BERLIN/0), which has nothing to do with Simon, is also pretty cool.
Proof that those jail stats from last week were all about jailing dumb people so finally they can be productive to society as a private-jail corp. pawn.

And for a record co. no less!. that just brought it to a new level of dumb.
The U.S. in Iraq?
Yeah, his name is Jose.
It'd take more than $20k to make me want to jump ship from where I am now.

I'm not a Great Programmer, but I doubt all of the greats think completely differently.
[deleted]
That's not what the article said. It says profits fell, but revenues were up. So, it's not customers staying away, it's rising costs.

[Did no-one actually read TFA?](http://www.textbookleague.org/103feyn.htm)
I can't find anything relevant and yet this got 102 upvotes? I feel left out. 
Valve has not banned anyone for using the unlock achievement console command.  My friends and I all used it; the unlocks are gone now, though.
&gt;Some are more efficiently delivered by a public service - defense, roads, health, education.

We don't have a free market in any of these areas.  By having government involvement in any of these areas it gives the provider the incentive to maximize the cost to the consumer instead of minimize it as in the free market.

Take US healthcare.  The problems with the system are blamed on "the free market run amok" but what we have isn't even close to being a free market.  If a doctor decides to take in patients with Medicare then he/she is forced to charge a minimum amount to all other patients.  Furthermore, the gov't pays 30 cents on the dollar for Medicare payments.  So what that means is that instead of charging $30 for a doctors visit, the doctor simply charges $100 so he can collect the full market value and then passes that extra cost onto his other patients that aren't covered by Medicare.

The free market is good in that it actually produces goods and services of value.  The government produces nothing; it simply takes from those that are actually productive and redistributes it to those it deems worthy (worthy often means those groups that will deliver the most votes to a politician or his/her party).

Edit - I love the downmodding instead of discourse
As long as they don't have to fight off their fellow Soldiers/Marines/Sailors/Airmen.
Survival for the sake of something better than survival?  Do you really believe that?  Sounds like you're buying into some form of meaning or purpose there--a sort of mission.  If so, you don't live by what you say you live.

Good and evil are not fully explained by the evolutionary model--they cannot be touched, since qualifying what is good or evil cannot be done with the assumptions that there is no free will, no purposes, no goal-directed forces of any kind, and that essentially I'm a mere product of machinery.

Free will is an easy one.  I will now type a particular word: PURPOSE.  See?  Not too difficult.  Did I HAVE to do that?  You are forced to say that I did if you really buy the evolutionary model.

I'm a designer.  I have a free will, albeit a will that is not perfect and often self-conflicted.  That doesn't mean I cannot exert my will according to my own thoughts and that I'm therefore not responsible for my actions.  I take responsibility for my actions.  The things I design have purpose that is not imaginary--they accomplish the tasks of their user's wills and my design.  The purpose of my eyes is to see, much as the purpose of my widgets is to sell and satisfy users.  This is no illusion--it's obvious.  But there's no room for such obvious purpose and will within the evolutionary model, just as the esteemed Provine was quoted above.  You can believe whatever you wish--well, YOU can't--but I suppose I can.  I think I have the more free position.

Tell me.  Does evil bother you?  If so, why?  Survival of the fittest can be rather savage.
Having a long live-in date with an older woman who knows what she's doing, MILF in fact, = gay

hmmm, sounds logical to me.
[deleted]
Not to mention it's not by IBM (in the article).
Think Non-thinking.
[deleted]
This must be the very specialized market you are talking about.  
Thank goodness I live in California. We have a fighting chance economically speaking.
[deleted]
Do you have the formula for viagra?  No?  Okay, then.
I agree that this was a great idea, but to receive 1-2 arrangements per week would just start to get old.
I should think there are a lot of people in the world who are quite OK with that. 
[deleted]
+1 for Safari
&gt;Why can't consenting adults do what the fuck they want?

In principal, they should be able too.  In reality though, actions like picking up a hooker have far reaching consequences.  Look at Thailand: that country is a shithole with 10% of women prostitutes.  

I'm not say prostitution is the *cause* of the problems there, but it causes *other* problems.

Cocaine is another good example: in principal, you should be able to snort cocaine if you want.  It's your damn body, ruin it if you like.  In reality though, cocaine use generally causes you to screw up *other* people too, which I hope is the general idea behind it's illegality.  

Finally, prostitution, no matter how legal or allowed, will always degrade women.  Pornography does this too, but usually pornography degrades women emotionally or mentally (in the way they view themselves).  Prostitution, unlike pornography, degrades women *physically, mentally, and emotionally* as well as allowing easy spread of STDs though that medium.  If you actually care about the welfare of women, you will never really want prostitution legal.  It screws women over.
Probably not for most people in the hospital.
[deleted]
It's certainly setting up a system of rewards for desired behavior...

I still prefer this over big companies donating the money.  At least politicians owe "the people" or "the internet" or "Obama's people".

Your opinion, but I believe my logic is sound and reasonable from my Economics background.  Liberal tree humper might be a touch strong, but it is what all my friends call me.

We can take the "excessive amounts of resources" argument to the nth degree, (ie you ride a 70 mpg motorcycle 5 miles to work, unreasonable - you should bike instead.)  Rather than ponder my cutoff, for many things I allow pricing to make my decision while supporting better governmental policies to encourage me making even better decisions.

For example I would rather live a mile from work and bike or walk, but real estate is prohibitively expensive for various reasons relating to community building covenants.  Instead of overextending myself with an adjustable rate loan, I bought as close as possible with a reasonable price (10 mi away).  Instead I could have gone 30 mi away and gotten twice the house for the same price but I didn't for various reasons.

Oil is only as a critical resource as we price it.  And right now it isn't priced as critically as it should be.  Stupid governmental policies allow it to be pumped out of the ground without taxing its withdraw at a rate commensurate with the externalities involved.
&gt;&gt; But wouldn't it be more fair to experiment on ourselves

&gt; Parents would bitch that their children are learning something non-standard 

Interesting that you interpret "ourselves" as meaning "other people's children".
that snake will need to go into care now.
I think they're also expanding quite a bit into the supermarket, er, market. Once a month I hear about some new product they've got on sale at the local Kroger or Walmart or what have you.
Kind of like rolling lots of balls at bowling pins... its not too hard to miss. :) Oh, and to clarify, I am at a clay shooting club in the UK at least once a month.
I agree. The Iranian people are good people who like the American public don't want war. But also like America they are lead by a mad man who's actions and motives have no basis in logic
Definitely a woman of the people.  Not elitist at all.  No sir.
Yeah get this lol...

A friend told me that at Subway they count out the pieces of cheese on your sandwich.

I shit you not!
&gt; It takes nothing more than an elementary understanding of economics to see the problems.

Yes, I would describe the economic understanding of most people who use this argument as elementary.

There is (or should be) more to economics than determining what system creates the fastest expansion.  We are currently expanding at a rate that will burn the planet out within a century, while poverty just keeps growing.

No, you can't make everyone rich by raising the minimum wage to $200/hour, but that doesn't prove anything.

If the minimum wage increases too far we loose jobs, but that might not be such a bad thing.  There is no shortage of minimum wage work to be had.  That is why we have so much illegal immigration.
This thread was never about florists... it is about Helen Thomas.

Sending flowers is a positive thing.

Yea, someone will gain - to a positive end, without making "Too" much money.

Corporatism is okay, so long as you abide by the laws of the land and refuse to take advantage of the very people who built your corporation.

This is what corporate America should be... making money without taking advantage or harming the people.

It's cool to make a profit, but be honest about it. That's all I'm saying.

Or even better: Have taste, don't support bad businesses.

I've been to some terrible indie places and I've been to some good chains. I support businesses that do a good job. If all things are equal, I'll definitely support the local guy, but I won't suffer for local. 
Fly, lil pelican!
Do you live Hawaii by chance?
Interesting.  I read that site every day.  His own conclusion was that the polling data was too old and it is to early to tell to say who would beat McCain.
[deleted]
that is true--I think they'd much rather talk about Rev. Wright than what to do about Iraq, health care, or the economy
Especially considering that they wanted all that heroin flowing out of the country once again so that the international financial system can benefit from the proceeds.
&gt; Imagine if they did, and discontinued Macintosh support for the CS3 series? All of a sudden all those people who buy macs because they think Adobe products work best on it are suddenly forced to switch to Microsoft based machines.

This would probably be a bit of an antitrust nightmare.
I heard Starbucks buys the cheapest beans on the market and roasts them darker so you can't tell they're junk. That's why their straight coffee tastes so bitter.

I drink [Bridgehead](http://www.bridgehead.ca/) (local chain, fair-trade, shade-grown organic)  and their coffee is *light-years* better than Starbucks. Maybe it's their organic cream, but I need half the sugar and cream that I need with Starbucks.
The real question is can it be elevated to anything OTHER than that?
"Need"?  No.  But there is an old and delicate art to making espresso drinks that *is* worth what you pay for it.  However, Starbucks machine-pulls all their shots and none of their baristas have a clue what they're doing as far as far as coffee goes, so they've never been justified in what they charge.   Oh, and their coffee really sucks.

You must be hanging with the wrong crowd - nobody I know wants this stupid war..  and they never did.
woopdefukin doo
[deleted]
I don't know about you but my income is up a kajillion percent from $0.00/hr to $5.15/hr
and a plan for a NEW record co!. don't forget.

Those stupid RIAA execs take note...
[deleted]
Yeah, the people who don't need to worry about gas prices or resale value.
*My* google has:
[link](http://www.icdri.org/Children%20%20and%20Parent%20Resources/Being%20%20Molly.htm)
Yes. 
apathy, I don't think you're about what you say you're about.

And, that pathetic kid cracked me up.

Also, my husband very offensively/humorously mentions McCain's neck boil as a shoo-in for McCain's VP choice.
...This has been a test to see just how many people who upvote stories, actually read them...
$4 is definitely not the upper limit.  Google: Peak Oil.
Arrghh! our cultural influence is slipping! We need to build more temples!
And you know it is too late?
[deleted]
Right? This is just one of many, and I'm still here. 
I always wonder why there is all this ire for SUV drivers...but large lux car drivers and sports car get off scott free, when many of these cars a gas guzzlers just the same.  A BMW 760 gets an (EPA est) 16mpg....and a Mercedes SLR gets (EPA est) 13mpg.  A Lexus GX gets 15mpg.......Are you going to judge the sports car driver as an idiot too?
I never said to buy your coffee (or anything else) at a sub par establishment.  I think that common sense would dictate that.  What I am proposing is helping out your local economy as much as possible.  

Fuck local hipsters, anyhow.  



Apple are aware of you, and the legions like you.
This is a great idea if you can see yourself working as a (hiring) manager in a large IT company with international concerns.
i also agree that i would prefer top minds to be the ones in the jury. i wasn't attacking your statement specifically. hell, i even laugh when i hear others joke about it. i guess i was just ranting on the general mentality that not being able to "get out of" jury duty equates a lack of intelligence, when i see that all this equates to is dishonesty.
xkcd keeps getting worse


I go to the movies, not the cinema.
You've gotta fight for your right to Lesbos.
I would have had 1/4 more of my pay check to save if social security didn't exist at all, which would allow me not to depend on social security.
i just told you never trust the robots! 
&gt;Do you at least agree that he failed to dissociate himself from these newsletters, and that this in itself is disgraceful?

Yes. It is by far the largest argument *against* letting him win the presidency. I think defense of the newsletters themselves doesn't take place very often. What does happen is that most would say it was a colossal mistake to listen to Rockwell and Rothbard, and allow the letters to fall on his shoulders after he found out about them. 

I bet most people don't know the real story here, so I'll fill you in on a secret that travels among the inner circle of Libertarians. One they probably prefer wasn't told, but here it is anyway. See, it is common knowledge what happened here, but there is no proof in absence of Paul pointing a finger.

What happened here, and this is very, very bad in itself, is the letters were penned alternately by Austrian economics hero Murray Rothbard, and one of Paul's oldest acquaintances, Lew Rockwell. Rothbard was the catalyst. He felt that uniting the Paleoconservitives, the libertarians, and the white power faction would make a voting bloc that would have to be reckoned with. A solid 17% of the population or so, in the early 90's. Rothbard himself was a Jew, but he felt that aligning with the white power faction would help the economy in the long run. Obviously, not a great idea. Paul found out about them, and put an end to the letters after 6 months. As a side note, he did not remove them totally from his life, and the same idea was resurrected in 1992 (the LA riots paper), and at that point Paul literally dropped out of Libertarianism in disgust for years, and politics totally until the end of the 90's. What didn't happen is him pointing a finger at one of the most well known Austrian economists of all time, and a person who in all rights were it not politicized should have a Nobel prize solely on legitimate contributions to economic theory, Rothbard. He feels that it would far more damaging for Rothbard to take blame for this, than himself. Right or wrong, I can see the logic there. I personally feel he should have outed Rothbard and Rockwell during his presidential campaign, with proof. Perhaps he is right though, wouldn't have won regardless, and in the process damaged the entire theory of Austrian economics because of a bad judgment call by one among it's top 5 proponents ever.

So to answer this ...

&gt;Do you at least agree that he failed to dissociate himself from these newsletters, and that this in itself is disgraceful?

I say yes. I understand why it happened. Not outing a person for writing this with the idea that the world is better off, and the idea of freedom for all will suffer for it was not a great way to handle this. Injustice should be attacked wherever it is. Even if it was a bad political ploy by the leading Austrian economist of the late 20th century, and the best known "Libertarian" of all time.

Those two numbskulls really fucked things up. Paul cut his own throat thinking he was advancing the cause of freedom for all (including blacks who he champions often), by throwing himself on the sword over this, again,  but I disagree with him here.

It is 2008. Ron Paul was more important and relevant than Rothbard ever was. Bad move, bad reasons.
Honest question: Why?

Everybody I know that has wanted one has changed their minds as soon as they realized how many ports and things they'd have to give up. It just doesn't seem practical to me, and I honestly don't even find it all that sexy.
Well strictly speaking there are a few people who would argue that the whole continent is occupied territory. Any Mayans or Aztecs out there? How about some Cherokees or Sioux or Apache just to name a few.
Earth is 6000 years old (hehehe), religion is stupid, everyone of every faith is irrational and the source of all the world's problems, Dawkins, Thor, yadda yadda.

R I DOIGN DIS RITE?!?!
&gt; Without freedom to change the software for a course, the teacher becomes a a dumb common carrier of material

What does the operating system have to do with a teacher composing a lesson plan for their class? Anything you could teach on Linux you could teach on Windows or any other OS.

I don't see how a teacher composing a math or geography lesson is going to be neutered by not having source to their wireless driver.
It's OK, I already love Milla Jovovich, so that's covered.
I wouldn't want any of this junk!
I actually laughed at that.
Doesn't a pocket HDTV defeat the point?
A big ass-wallet.
who actually sat there and watched this crap when daily show is on
I can't disagree with you on the former two, because it's true - on Reddit, and in most American's minds...  and there are stats to prove it.
weird
wtd does that even mean? how do you compare released gases, to obatining calories?
Before that Hawaii was a series of tribes that would wage war against each other. These tribes had leaders and the like.
[deleted]
I was just at an Obama rally in Bloomington where 12,000 people waited probably 3 hours to see the man speak. So I'm not too sure about these numbers.
Your argument is just as asinine. There are vast differences between Hawaii and Tibet.
I know what you mean, but remember that people in cafes are satisfying needs other than coffee needs.

Cafes are social and fun, which is the real reason people chill there.
That's strange, I usually see soccer moms in them more often than not...
Words are cheap, I don't do "bumper sticker politics".  But I am neither embarrassed nor proud of my SUV.  It is merely a transportation tool.  I am embarrassed by other SUV owners I hear bitching about the price of gas and how we should "nuke Iraq" into a glass pit.
[deleted]
Gran TurisMario isn't due out until 2010.  Wait for it.
Entirely agreed.  As I said, if you'd read what I wrote, there's collusion between the MSM and the White House - Clinton was the first serious offender.

Until there is a news agency in the US that is not accountable to the White House (that cannot be punished by seeing its access restricted), the White House will effectively have a stranglehold over interviews.  What I do not understand is how this state of favoritism, which seems quite easy to slip into, hasn't happened in other countries.
You can be more optimistic than this. "Switching" speed in neurons is orders of mangnitude slower then in transistors, so the equivalence will happen a lot sooner.
Yea, but $1.58 is really far from $4. That would be like talking about $10 gas when it's really only $3.75. 
&gt; In sum, equal pay for equal work should specifically refer to equal work.

I've seen many people argue on Reddit that since salaried men volunteer to stay overtime more often, for example, they deserve their higher pay (this is what "opt out" means, btw - women choose not to undertake extra work hours). So essentially, you have an official job description that's the same for both men and women, but unofficially, the men are being made to work harder. The only winner in this scenario is the employer, who gets out of having to hire more people to do the work that clearly needs doing. Very discriminatory. 
 
How so? If anything, I'd say it's the opposite. Constant monitoring of everyone in public would seem to imply the assumption that they are indeed likely to do something illegal, so we'd better start watching them right now regardless of their innocence. After all, they might be guilty in the future!
damnit i need to stop following this election i just read that as "mutual of obama" crazy long legged macdaddy pimpin robot insurance...skeet skeet 
That's better than the "best-of" that we're commenting on.
What?!  This isn't about Miley Cyrus!  DOWNMOD!
this is the article discussing the robocalls and voter suppression:
http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2008/04/nonprofit_womens_voices_women.php

Nothing says anything about them lying about where or when to vote OR that anyone is associated with the clinton campaign.  In fact, the word "Clinton" does not even appear in this article.
[deleted]
Our thoughts are the equivalent of bizarre, massive spaghetti code written by a schizophrenic. It's like encryption.
Even as a virgin the benefits are pretty obvious.  I think the benefits outweigh the risks.  On the risk side there is the emotional baggage that sometimes comes with sex, possibility of disease, unwanted babies.  On the plus side there is physical pleasure, bonding/intimacy, and children.  If you are just fucking the only benefit I see is physical pleasure.  

I'm not frustrated about not having sex.  I am frustrated that I don't get enough chance to meet new women.  I'm in a job where I see the same people all the time, I don't have school any more as a place to meet women, and the bar scene holds no appeal.  I could try the online thing, but it seems desperate to me.  I get the random drunk chicks hitting on me and offers from people who are looking for a FWB, but the women I know (that I'm attracted to) who want relationships are already in them.
Shacking up with a gay icon like Cher must have made all his queer buddies green with envy.
Better than covering the wright for millionth time...
Well, that's the difference between a democracy and a democratic republic. A democratic republic is supposed to safe guard the people again the government, and the passion of mobs, meaning 51% of the people can't shut up the othe 49%, or take their shit or the like. 

Oddly enough, there's no bill of rights of economics. Hardly anything is free from the market. I'm libertarian, but this makes me curious, what should be free from the market?
"Manny, look at the pelican fly!  Come on, pelican!"

-Scarface
It's still pretty horrible, and I think a mistake was made. The man was clearly no threat to anybody, and his six children now have a reason for hating Israel. 
I find it amazing that you used "their" for all three homophones. I gotta get a screenshot of this.
Announcemnt:  We are. Seems we are the world police, whether the world or even the US citizens think we should be.  Welcome to the rise and fall of another empire.  Ever hear of the British empire?  

Sorry if your not happy with it, but we got the bombs.  Don't worry, we're imploding on ourselves right now.  Stand by for the next global power that everyone will hate.
I want to break in his house and rob him blind.
The only ultra portable that runs OSX *legally*.

(and doesn't ultraportable seem not quite the right term d'art?  I mean it is easy enough to move around, but it isn't what I'd call particularly handy to carry or use on the go like the more folio/trade paper form factor ones.)
You're never to rich to enjoy a free turkey dog
That is fabulous.
Because Hawaii is a part of America? And thus the locals with the signs are *already* there. 
No, I mean analog and digital (but that wasn't me that modded you down :)

From the [last page of the article:](http://www.eetimes.com/news/latest/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=207403521&amp;pgno=3)

&gt; "If we push current through it hard and fast, it acts like a digital device, but if we run current through it gently and slowly it acts as an analog device," said Williams. "We are already designing new types of circuits in both the digital and analog domains using our crossbar architecture."

I've started to fail capchas at some sites, I mean c'mon, "pick the letters out that have the little kitties" and then they fucking trick you and put a kitty on a number
There is not an "Evil English Teacher" stereotype any more than there is an "Evil History Teacher" stereotype. There are good teachers and poor teachers in all departments. Across three high schools with which I am familiar, the most adored teachers are English teachers with very few exceptions.
Yeah, as a Canadian, it really boggles my mind.  Education is the key to safety, not more guns... 
I'm sure snob once had a useful meaning, but these days it just seems to mean "someone who is passionate about something".  
I love to eat Burger King's delicious flame-broiled burgers!  Try the new Angus Burger, it's as huge as my fucking cock!
"I'm not crying propaganda or anything - I doubt the differences are because of malicious intent."

Yes, you go on doubting that...
Works. Took much work though.
[deleted]
What right did the kingdom have to violently annex the other islands less than 100 years before the US overthrew the kingdom without firing a single shot?
Yeah, somebody otter put a stop to this now.
The PC as well. Was the FPS that had it on the computers F.E.A.R.? I can't remember.
It's a shame they cut it off there, if it had shown a bit more of the woman, you could have clearly seen Crocs on her feet.

Also, I'd be much more forgiving of women who constantly ramble inane shit on their cell phones in public if they had their tits out.
Sure, make light of this situation. Isn't it funny that most of us realize that nothing will ever be done? That nothing can ever be done?
Well it looks like I have three people so far who don't know how to mind their own business.  

As my downmod numbers climb, so too will my understanding of just how far from free people are willing to go to maintain their self-righteous standards.
Yes. And the three of them are working too hard to play "aw shucks, I'm jes' like you!" to the people, who don't seem to be buying it (especially in light of Hillary's comments on the Falafel's show).

Also, I heard on the radio that some African-Americans are a little embittered that Obama seems to be ignoring black people because he's working so hard to get the white vote now.

Thanks!

But yeah, people other than me and sabut seem to be finding this a sticking point (and a particularly frustrating one), and the problem becomes much less severe if you use

    thingy = do
        stuff
        other stuff
        more stuff

layout for your examples.
Someone mentioned "Planting child porn" to frame someone, I noted that the government could prosecute people for looking at 15-17 year olds in porn, ala Traci Lords, even if they thought they were legal, and he asked me about Miley Cyrus. 

Yeah. 
[deleted]
&gt;imperialistic and nationalistic talking points

i.e. the governing precedent and law
My eye was caught by this:
http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=81496&amp;videoChannel=1

Needless to say false advertising. 
No
sorry, they posted profits that were only 17% higher than last time, which was record highs. The beat their record profits, and raked in the $$$$, and the only people disappointed were wallstreet thinking it would profit MORE than that. Your silly boycott is _not_ working


[deleted]
Their advantage is that you generally know what you're getting, and you won't find better in many, many places.

What I don't get are the cities with many fantastic local coffee places, and a Starbucks right across the street from each of them.
All their coffees are way over-roasted. The bitterness you're tasting in the drip is basically a bean that has been reduced to a chunk of carbon because Starbucks has somehow convinced 3/4 of America that good coffee should taste burnt. Starbucks drip is hellish - I would rather get coffee from McDonalds.

Their espresso is better, but not by much, and there are many options that would give you a vastly better cup of coffee at your home - I can think of several coffee roasters around me that you can get fresh beans from, not crap that was roasted 2 months ago and vacuum packed - they ship online, as do others. Get some fresh roasted beans, a good grinder, and a press pot and you won't look at starbucks the same way again.
[deleted]
Obviously you didn't read the article. These links are in it:

http://www.democracy-nc.org/whatsnew/2008/EP&amp;spprsn.html

http://southernstudies.org/facingsouth/2008/04/facing-south-exclusive-dc-nonprofit.asp
Regenerative spinning rims...
And this device explores the range between them more than others do.
What market is that, the conspicuous-consumption-in-crowd-hipster-doofus-status -symbol-hungry-21-to-25-year-old-college-student-with-ratty-hair-and-perpetual-hoodie-and-jeans-wearing market?
&gt;It's sad that 40 years old is considered old.

Satire generally serves the very specific purpose of providing a commentary and view on contemporary events in a comical form.  Reading about the subtle nuances and dispositions of people 40 years ago, while perhaps providing *historical* insight, loses it's purpose and effect half a century later (the most recent title of those two is very nearly 50 years old, by the way).  

&gt;Why does it have to be television? Most television is terrible and would prefer to smash you over the head with a point than to subtly imply and enrich a position.

Because that was the medium we were discussing.  While most television might very well 'smash you over the head with a point', it's more out of necessity than it is want, and a lot of the most revered satire did very much the same thing.  Twain's purpose and point were very obvious in his books.  One of the more famous and critically acclaimed pieces of satire by Swfit, A Modest Proposal, does very much the same thing as Southpark.  It's entirely outrageous, but it being so is part of  its charm.  

The same can be said for Southpark.  Its treatment of the current political atmosphere and situations shines a very bright light on things like the national attitude towards gays, the glorification of violence, and the tendency for people to buy into the fear portrayed by the media.  Not only are there very few outlets for this kind of message now a days, but there really hasn't ever been this kind of immediate satire *ever* before.  The comedy might be outrageous, and some of the jokes are, admittedly, nothing more than 'bits', but the satire is rock solid.
Buy big? Suck big! Big sucker!
The evangelicals "liking their man" is important, but not crucial, to getting their vote. Never underestimate the power of "voting against" to supplement "voting for."

Evangelicals would vote for a wet mop as long as there's a big, scary liberal Democrat wanting to get elected that they feel they need to stop from taking power. Why do you think the right-wing media personalities are trying to drum up so much hatred for Obama? It's because they've already trained conservatives to instinctively treat Hillary as some feminist ultra-left kook (nothing could be farther from the truth, save maybe for the kook part). If they leave Obama alone, the fundies and true believers won't feel sufficiently threatened. The scarier/more radical they perceive Obama to be, the more willing they'll be to vote for McCain as a vote against the "radical black flag-hating secret-Muslim with the middle name Hussein".
Perhaps my phrasing is poor.  I was referencing the 'boycott', which I hadn't heard about until today.  My 'hit them hard' part was referring to fact that merely boycotting one oil company is largely ineffective.  As are the "don't buy gas for one day" types of protests.

The only way to make change in this particular area is to make long term changes to consumption patterns over a large segment of the populace.
Sounds like she might have gained some valuable information.
Formula, no, but the active ingredient is a matter of public record.
[deleted]
I know how he got those skilled. Duck Hunt. He trained until he was good enough to hit that stupid dog.
Holy crap my eyes!!!
Ain't that suppose to be cute girls?

I received someone's old granny probably ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-girlfriend.

Damn what an unfair trade :S
Do you want something that sounds good or something that is accurate? If you're an engineer, this was a redundant question.
[deleted]
Check out the correlation between pretentiousness and loudly declaring that you never go to Starbucks!
hahaha. yeah! they are both becoming a little tiresome.
Perfect reason *to* get it.

Great computer + Linux + not hypertrendy = awesome!
Your point is very good.  As a friend of mine once observed, the actual needs of people are very simple and can be satisfied by living like a wild animal.  All the progress we have is the result of wants.
[deleted]
Ha ha, I get freshly (and brilliantly) roasted coffee a block away from my house for half the price of Starbucks.  Starbucks sucks.
Wow, I wish I could read the full article. 
Maybe it's like a bird in a garage.  As it has little concept of closed spaces, it has no idea why flying in any direction inevitably leads to smacking into a wall.  This causes it to panic, and it either bashes itself to death or finds the way out via sheer luck.
Sold out I'm afraid.
That does not justify letting him die. 
I wasn't shocked. OLPC got under attack by attempts to create a proprietary XO competition for something that is meant to be an educational project that refuses to win on the marketplace. So Negroponte did something politically reasonable and opened the project for the presumed competition and therefore increased the chances to save his agenda. 

For Microsoft the project isn't a big win. It's more something symbolic: if you try to exclude Microsoft it will show its muscles and turns into an opponent. MS and the OSS diehards are very alike, btw. - they wouldn't ever admit this, though.
Really? I felt like the people in Hawaii were exceptionally friendly, particularly in the small towns.
They just had crappy turnout.
And of course, the reasons positited in the submission title are no excuse!

"Hey, I don't think this employee will be here for as long as I'd like, so I'm going to count the employee's work as worth less and pay less per unit of time"

And the second part about choosing lesser-paying jobs... if that lesser paying job also pays men more than the women within that job, then that'd discrimination too.  Instead, what the title strawmans the equal pay activist as claiming that having a bad job is the same as being discriminated against within a job.  Bullshit.


Now John Bobbit isn't the only one who can rightfully sing STP's line "I'm half the man I used to be"...
I drink the plainest, darkest, dirtiest coffee there is and that's great for me. Maybe I've just burnt my taste buds off.

By how much is it better?
They count everything. Slices of meat, pieces of cheese, everything is prescribed.
If everyone tests in the standard Flash Player and only the standard Flash Player, it should theoretically force the comparatively minor developers to make sure their player jives with the standard one instead of forcing developers to juggle.
Half of my lawn is moss. It very nice and pretty most of the time, but when it rains it turns into a gigantic mud hole. The moss has no root structure to keep the dirt in place when it rains.
Shines some light onto why some industrialised societies are finding their populations are shrinking. No one can afford kids!
&gt;Cutler said, "What a little hero, now I can pick up the QP I was on my way to get when I lost the wallet."
I noticed that as well.  Back when I first noticed it came out I tried to head to some of the worse off areas, but they didn't actually go to many of those areas...
[deleted]
I'm not mixing my arguments.  They both help, but the reality is, your safety in a crash will depend a lot on the vehicle you hit as well as your own vehicle.

Take my previous comment.  Say you hit a 2000lb vehicle instead of a 1000lb vehicle.  It's still to your benefit to be in a 2000lb vehicle instead of a 1500lb vehicle.  That is, it's better to be equal mass than have the lesser mass.

If you have two meters of crumple space and are in the 80th percentile of vehicle mass, you're going to be a lot safer (in general) than if you have 1 meter of crumple space and are in the 30th percentile of vehicle mass.

With equal mass less is STILL not better, because you WANT more car.  The car is what protects you in the event of a crash.  The car is a good thing.  That was my point with the semis.  There's no way a car could t-bone another car going 70 and have both drivers walk away, but when you're both in enormous vehicles, it's not as big of a deal.  Those semis (both of them) slid about 30 meters before coming to a stop.  They were just like big beefy shuffleboard pucks bumping into each other.
HP Labs predicts ~5 yrs.  Speaking as an engineer, expect that to be wildly on the optimistic side.  I expect it to take more than 10 years.

But if/when it finally hits the market, the impact could be *enormous*.  HP Labs is not reporting this because they just want to pat themselves on the back.  This is bigger than Blue LEDs/laser diodes.
Actually, the link between harming animals and harming people is well documented and the former is frequently a precursor to the latter.

Although lets face it, if someone goes around shooting animals for kicks its not really a leap of faith to assume they're a violent jackass anyway.
Or energy.
[deleted]
We are Americans.  We can and will kill any filthy brown people who get in the way of our hegemonic Zionist agenda.  Don't make us spread Democracy to *your* country!
She's had nearly the full support of the DNC, and many organizations within the Democratic umbrella, because they thought that she was bringing them the money. And she still couldn't win. Now where is she gonna go for support?
I am sure when the views expressed fall more in line with your own, this will once again be an innovative site in your mind.
[deleted]
I buy and consume 18 eggs a week.  This sucks for me.
I work for JPMorgan Chase on the trading floor as a developer. I personally use Python for several projects but additionally we have applications that pull economic data from our various databases that do regression testing.

Python is also the scripting language of choice for Sun Guards Front Arena which is the premier trading platform and backend inventory system for trading. This platform is used at our bank and at several hedge funds.

In other words, from my perspective Python is used often.

Thank you very much.

I believe it was Dan Akroyd in Black Sheep who said:" What The American Public Doesn't Know Is What Makes Them The American Public". And Red Foxx said in a stand up of his:" Life Is Hard, It's Even Harder If You're Stoopid".
you must have had a rough childhood
The blow to PR caused by the dead ducks is likely out of proportion to the reality. This company had measures in place to prevent this tragedy. They malfunctioned due to weather, but the average joe isn't going to pay attention to that.
[deleted]
I hear HP and HP Labs are rather different beasts.
I wouldn't have capitalised every word, for a start. Possibly "Wal-Mart steals money from retard"?

Apologies for the double post, I can't work internets, lol.
I really like the comment "All [American] girls are programmed to be whores by all our media outlets from birth. Until that changes, this behavior is par for the course. No wonder the number of pedophiles has skyrocketed."
Do not be so naive, profanity was very much needed. His satirical rant was in the tone of the "average" "red blooded" war hungry American.
[deleted]
The future is networked and sync'ed, *and* we don't need MS Mesh for that.

It's *that* simple.

Actually, the "demise of MS" meme has been around a lot and was always proved wrong, but this time they seem intent on bringing it upon themselves. Forget Mesh: witness the enthusiasm everybody has for Vista, and/or the clamor for better and larger versions of Office.
I give her 1 in 5 of getting the nomination. No, it's not too late.
[deleted]
This means nothing to me. How about we find something more important to hit her on?
Man, she is *hot*!  That's one smokin' babe!
Good point.

I know I loved my English teacher in high school.
No, it sounds stupid - the doubled  b with  slender vowel sound just doesn't scan well.  

Consider a few alternatives- 
  kinrabyte menrabyte ginrabyte tenrabyte
  kidarbyte medarbyte gidarbyte tedarbyte


Here's an example I used just the other day on ilug:

&gt; "I just upgraded to 16 GINRABYTES of PURE 
&gt; RAM POWER!  Soon we will  defeat the star 
&gt; emperor, and our people will be avenged!"

&gt; "I just upgraded to 16 gibibytes, after 
&gt; feeding my darling fluffles his favorite
&gt; kibbly bits. He's such a dear, oooh, I just 
&gt; don't know what I would do without him..."

See, bibbity bibbity bibytes just sounds dumb.  But it is the ISO standard, and we all know how worthy of respect they are.




That still has nothing to do with the National Drive 55 holiday....
I mean not to get the Air, also I'm running linux on my ThinkPad T60 and there is some minor issues supporting some of the specialized hardware.  

Battery Detection

Finger print reader

LiPo batteries 

Hard drive accelerometer

There's solutions to most of these, but all are a bit hacky.  
[deleted]
I have a neighbor that uses his almost every weekend. He's not retired, and he's a postal worker. I agree that a lot of people who purchase them, don't use them much, but one doesn't need to be retired to use an RV, boat, personal watercraft, OHVs a lot.
Rofl, clearly someone doesn't know any marines.

Hardest boot camp of any division for a reason, sir.
Another planet joins The Unity. 
And that is the distinction between theoretical and applied physics; one comes up with the idea, the other develops a way to verify and use it.

If this product proves to be as significant as it promises, both parties will deserve Nobel prizes.  This has at least as much potential as high-temp superconductors.
&gt; They're not doing this out of altruism and good-will.

Good. If we relied on altruism and good will, FOSS would go nowhere. There needs to be altruism on the part of some, perhaps, but ultimately market pressure will have to push everybody else.
&gt;A place where a school principal outs gay students to their parents.

Oh, how horrible. Why would someone hide their sexual orientation from their parents anyway? Clearly the root of the problem is in bigots and homophobes like you, who make people believe that being gay is something to hide from other people.
I think you mean $3.95.

:-)

A similar type thing was done YEARS/DECADE ago over a Bacardi Cocktail.
But it is a problem all over the world with variouse things. Misrepresentation of a classic item done as something else.
LIKE FAKE SCALLOPS SOLD AT A HIGH PRICE BECAUSE SCALLOPS ARE EXPENSIVE. yeah real scallops are but these are NOT..
And most people have never actually seen or tasted a real one.
So if you order a champagne cocktail, should it be made with champagne, or fizzy wine ?
Does Cognac have to come from Cognac ? is so how can Burgandy or Champage come from somwhere else. Would not a philly cheese steak have to come from Philly ?
[deleted]
Fine. Stop buying their product then. Oh. Wait.
It's an in-demand good. Stop complaining. Start innovating
I believe his point is not that his finger was chopped off... but that anyone's finger would grow back to normal based on an injury like that.

I have no experience in plastics (ask me in a year and a half :P), but it's certainly a fair claim.

And his assertion that if this regrowth substance was real, that it's creators would win the Nobel Prize is certainly quite true.

But, the only thing that will prove this one is time. If we hear nothing else, it was a sham/overstatement like 99% of all popular science stories.

If it is true, we will undoubtedly be hearing more of it in the upcoming weeks.
There are citations, including a book with a copy of a resolution passed apologizing for the overthrow of Queen Liliuakai, or whatever her name was. 
Ahh, an excellent use of sarcasm.
That was some seriously painful whitepaper-ese.
I also notice the issue of entitlement culture.
Meaning we feel entitled to effective emergency services. 

My view is the parents killed the baby when they chose to use a voip telecommunication scheme
Aye, but my point is that not all trade secrets indicate snake oil.
they should just move into the suv when the bank kicks them out of their house.
It's America, where anyone can work hard, save their money and someday buy a legislator of their very own.
How about carpet muncher?
Didn't IBM stop making their own laptops ages ago though?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I need $4 coffee.

Plus those barristas are so clever and fun.  Everytime I go I feel like I've walked into an episode of Friends.  Aww.
Will this work in Florida? All the places they mention seem to be up north.
...italian gold-diggers rejoice!
[deleted]
I am sorry, but I DO hate SUV drivers.
These cars have less space inside than a normal passenger car.

They are less safe than a normal car due to them being very tall and unstable, which makes the danger of them flipping very real at a tight turn and medium to high speed.

So, good!

You were a moron for buying the SUV, now suffer the consequences.
...by being evil?
Best five bucks I've spent in a long time.
Like a pretzel in the wind
Oh I knew I recognized this lady - she was on that Frontline special about credit cards that scared the shit out of me: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/credit/interviews/warren.html 

Can't wait to watch all of this interview.
And I would add that most tradespeople (plumbers, electricians, etc) in my experience use minivans as their work vehicle. I was surprised to think that tradespeople are using SUVs? Tahoe/suburban? Not sure who those folk are...
Or perhaps it's a ratio.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratio

Logic much?
Easily accomplished with the addition of a stereotypical Southern accent.  A low blow, yes, but it gets the job done.
On a serious note:

This is a very sad story.
If you sit around and don't implement the features that people want to have available, don't bitch and whine when someone creates a proprietary solution and people start using it.  People use Flash because it gives them features they need that are not addressed by anyone else.  If Mozilla is so concerned, they ought to be working on an open alternative or shut up.  They have no grounds to go around telling people "but you shouldn't WANT to have video on your web page" or "programmatic vector art is a bad idea".  It doesn't matter.  The 'customer' wants it and the customer will get it whether they think it's a 'good idea' or not.
I don't think so. I read a mainstream media article yesterday that bragged, "Clinton has been able to announce a new superdelegate endorsement every day this week," but mentioned only ONE endorsing Obama. From that article alone, it would appear as if the count was 3 to 1 in favor of Clinton this week, when at the time of the writing it was 7 to 3 in favor of Obama.
You've only confirmed the erroneous attitude I mentioned in my comment above.

"Hey, I don't think this employee will be here for as long as I'd like, so I'm going to count the employee's work as worth less and pay less per unit of time."

Equal work means equal work.  The same work plus more time on the job does not entail that the pay per hour should increase.  You act as if people doing the calculating for the pay gap aren't taking overtime into account, but they are.  The pay discrimination happens _in spite of_ overtime, or lack thereof.
&gt; any more than it would prove collusion if they raised prices when one of their other industry-wide expenses went up.

But taxes aren't an expense, thats my point. They can't justify a price increase due to taxes, since the taxes are only taken from their profits anyway. I believe you're arguing that if the oil companies were faced with footing an extra 18cents/gallon charge, then they would be losing an extra 18cents per gallon. They wouldn't, because the windfall tax would be taken only from their profits.

Interestingly, if you argue that the oil companies raise their prices to account for a windfall tax, then everything they take in is pure profit (since there is no expense to justify the increase). That added profit then generates a greater amount of windfall tax against this greater profit.

If the politicians wanted to get tough they could threaten a greater windfall tax if the oil companies profits exceed a certain point. So if they did arbitrarily raise the price, then a higher tax rate would be applied.

The oil companies are making insane profits right now. Why wouldn't you shouldn't a windfall tax against them? (Both Obama and Clinton both support the idea of a windfall tax actually BTW)
IS THE PELICAN OKAY!???
[deleted]
Did I get uppity or did I explain someone's comment because it wasn't understood?

No need to make assumptions about my position.
trenchfever is probably just a pissy sysadmin that never figured out how to image his desktops and configure software using a directory structure. 
I think "Helen" may have real balls.
Why not the freakin' car? 
Damn you Internet.  I had to re-read Crunch's sentence three times before "lolcats" finally read as "locals"
Wow, someone on this page who actually gets it.

R E S P E C T
Oh, just leave it alone.

;-)


Yeah, at most he'll be tried after the election , and only serve until the Republican president is elected. 
No one is asking Wal-Mart to give Debbie Shank any more money.  What they need to do is let her keep the money she was rewarded from the lawsuit.  They don't need it, but they took it anyway.

There's no reason for what they did other than psychopathic greed.  They may be able to do it, they may even be legally allowed to do it, but it's not right.  Some of the people who work for Wal-Mart know that, which is why they promised to give it back.  But now the corporate greed machine is holding things up.

They may be able to do it, but that doesn't mean we have to let them get away with it free of consequence.


While these robocalls were in fact sketchy as shit, the entire board of directors are not Clinton officials. Some are, but I work in an office with another one, and he's definitely an Obama guy.
Upvoted.

But only this time.
They help people fuck and they keep the crime rate down. What's not to love?
[deleted]
Isn't this what neocons wanted?   

I mean with no middle class you won't have counter culture rising up again like it did in the 60's.

Last thing they want is young people that are financial sound enough to think about politics and doing something about it.

"Pelican stuck in a tree in Florida?"

Sounds like some sort of double-talk to me
Kwamee Kilpatrick is throwing parties in the Manoogian Mansion, aka the Mayoral Mansion, he's having an affair with some aide of his, he's paying millions of dollars to ex-police officers who were fired for investigating said affair, and Detroit is now populated by underprivileged and lower class working blacks with virtually no infrastructure to back them up. I've driven around the ghetto. You will never see a fucking police officer EVER. Fun town though if you like that kind of stuff. Anyway, its not really an American thing, its a Detroit thing. We're the United States Chernobyl. 
4,000 dead. And for what.
Your logic is that Somalia does not fit your interpretation of a sovereign nation, so that makes military action such as what we read about in this article OK.  

Therefore, your personal interpretation of "sovereign nation" should be applied to all nations when we choose to kill a family and neighbors of that family.

IMO that thinking is a little...off.
One nice thing is that if, as Apple claims, you don't need a DVD drive, you can slot a second battery into the X300 instead of the DVD drive. 2 batteries = long-ass battery life.

Also, the SSD, which comes standard, unlike with the Air, does great things for battery life.
No wait theres somethin about her at the top of the page! Oh nevermind it was just my MileyBar tellin me wuzzup!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nice to see the Starbucks fanboys downmodding me -- thanks for being worthless to human civilization.
USB A/C shirt is cool
...or was he just being humorous in that uncomfortably geeky way that prevents guys like him from getting chicks?
[deleted]
Fuck Peta, Fuck Vegitarianism, not because I have a particular problem with either, but because I don't like it being shoved down my throat. I'm not immoral for liking me some steak.
But there isn't a 'War on Domestic Violence'. There is however a 'War on Drugs'.
&gt; **Protester vow to return**

In what dimension is that grammatically correct, even as a phrase?
I'm talking about the written word, except in the case of the BBC. I don't watch much American TV News.

It's easy to verify why I got the impression that the bias was pro-Clinton. Go to Google News and search for 'endorsement' and another for 'superdelegate' (belt and braces) and take a look at 28/29 April, when both Easley and Bingaman endorsed. You'll soon see that the coverage in the nationals was slanted in favour of Easley/Clinton. It was noticable enough for me at the time anyway.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Agreed... I just googled it real quick to see if that was indeed the case and just decided to c+p the first bio I found. I think your point is still valid, though.
Can they suckle his man-teats?
too late...
eloquent: marked by forceful and fluent expression.

~www.merriam-webster.com

He was certainly forceful. As for fluent well,

fluent: effortlessly smooth and flowing

Yep, had that too...

Maybe you should get a new book.
I assbolutely agree.  Tits quite obvious what's happening rear.  I think we have a clear cunt case of titscrimination going on.  Breast-case scenario, she's returned to her former statass as teacher.  Boobs...
I like Dijkstra's because it's [true](http://reddit.com/info/646hs/comments/).
I can't wait until my grandchildren use that argument for Iraq.
&gt;Thirdly, I will be tracking her restaurant reservations, and I plan to send flowers to her table before she arrives for lunch/dinner. I recently found out about a restaurant reservation where she will be dining with her friends in May. I planning to have and arrangement sent to her table before she arrives.

Anyone else get very creeped out after reading this? I think you're going too far Mr. Kurt.
I came out of Nowhere University and got an offer in that range, and the masters students working in my group got exactly the same offer. (I actually got a larger signing bonus.) All the people I know with masters degrees, regardless of the area of the company, have gotten the Standard Offer. To get a higher one, it seems you have to have experience in the area in question, or have held an internship at MS as a student.

As for doctoral, I've gone on recruiting trips where recruiters have rejected all the PhD resumes immediately, saying they're usually ill-suited for front-line developer or project management roles. MS Research obviously hires a ton, but from what I understand it's a "Don't call us, we'll call you" thing.
Human rights transcend borders.
Fining McCain won't do much good if he's already President.

Forget that complaint -- you want action, complain to Sen Mitch McConnell (R-KY). He's the one preventing the FEC from doing its job. http://www.fixthefec.org/
Floydiannyc, you're an idiot.

Read your history books, retard.
Well, now at least my dad would stop forcing me to switch from an IT to a finance job ( i.e after doing my MBA )
Once again for the lunatic leftists:

1. Oil companies don't set the price of oil.

2. Exxon is making shareholders (many whom are Americans) money.

3. Get over it.
Expected you to reply with "*Duuuuude*", Duuuuude.
you fool. this is the D. 
[deleted]
I'm going to be stuck in the exit line for 10 minutes anyway, so I might as well sit and relax for that time.
He probably lost her on a bet.
Why don't they fuck off? I hope they get hit by a drunk driver.
Did you click browser refresh or refresh button which is built in Google Reader on the left side over all the subscriptions?
Ultraportable means 3 pounds or less. The MacBook weighs 5. FAIL.
[deleted]
I'm kind of ashamed for us that this is even news or that it's popular on YouTube (I know, no surprise there) -- watching our supposedly best and brightest, who are competing for the highest office in the land, as if they are rats in a maze.
[deleted]
Done. 

Even a marine knows that there are people who are better. If they don't then they're just being a jarhead. 
I really MM but, come on, you didn't have to be captain pessimism to really believe voting against Iraq back then (especially if you're from NY) would have been political suicide.  Why doesn't MM try running for office and he'll see just how far "doing the right thing" gets him.
Because it has precedent from the last two elections?  Looks to me like Karl Rove has himself a new sugar mama.  
He must be a WINDOWS user.
I remember going to a Starbucks in Washington D.C. about 4 years ago. I bought an espresso. Big mistake.

It was served in a styrofoam cup! The cup was way too big. Imagine an little espresso in the bottom of a big styrofoam cup.

I buy their caf lattes and frappucinos there once in a while - when I'm in a country/place that has Starbucks shops. All the milk etc. covers up the taste of the burnt coffee well.

EDIT: If they really want to serve espresso they might want to train people to make espresso on a machine that's not fully automatic. And serve them in real espresso cups.
I get coffee from Starbucks all the time... it isn't $4.
There's already an open client called Gnash.
[deleted]
How about a random button that takes you to a random post?
was it the "revenge trip" or the belt that gave it away?
I concur.  HP--and by extension, the world--has hit the mother lode with this discovery.  The possibilities for future development are endless.
[deleted]
Some humor just don't do it for me.

this is sure not good enuf for the onion

YMMV


IIRC, the reddit toolbar has a serendipity button.   
Go to any doctor.  Your finger tip will grow back if it hasn't been severed too far (first joint).
Since when are ECMA standards "moving targets"?
The oceans are polluted enough without all that toxic waste going in there.
And the Most Misleading Headline Ever award goes to...
For that reason, too, but taking the long view it appears that China will move into a position of world-dominance during this century.  Unless the power-that-be in the US decide to take a radical shift back in the direction of democracy and competence, I think we're headed towards a future as an also-ran.
You could say the same thing about America, because theoretically, we're all part of the "militia". (Constitutionally speaking)
Psssh why should she suffer for his mistake of being nice?
I think that having sex with Banksy would be better than graffiti.
Old News. I'm going to say it again: Old News.

SBUX has been in a downtrend since October of 2006. This is linkbait. They are not the "latest victim."

Retarded.
Are you saying it's very discriminatory because men get paid more, or because they have to work more without getting a different job title?
I'm not sure any point about something being eternal belongs in a non-religious debate.  At least not if you plan on your points being based in logic.
Plus, I was in the Coast Guard, I can hold my own. 

Granted, I only got to patrol the Great Lakes, but there are some vicious rapscallions up there.  
Talent? I see no Talent
[deleted]
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-blind

Says the dailygreen.

I say blowjobs reduce asthma rates
[deleted]
Shhhh!

Annexation is only wrong when *we* do it! The Natives are allowed to be violent and annex each other because *it's their culture*.

Come on, everyone knows that America is a huge evil empire who does a trillion bad things every second. Duhh, get with it!
That's a nitpick. I thought you were discussing targeting children in our own backyards.

It's funny that you can nitpick about that and not address the important point that I made.
Umm.... Can you provide a source?

I'm by no means an expert, but a quick search comes up [with this:](http://www.animalrights.net"&gt;www.animalrights.net&lt;/a&gt;/archives/year/2002/000329.html)

&gt;It has become almost a mantra within both animal rights circles and the larger mainstream media that children who harm animals are on the path to harming human beings. But is this claim true?

&gt;Manchester Metropolitan University researchers Heather Piper and Steve Myers looked at such claims and found a surprising lack of any actual valid evidence for it.


how is that racy you pervs
That screenshot cuts off the right side of that headline.  It's actually a banner ad with a close button.  It's not a headline, technically.
[deleted]
Strange, I had exactly the opposite experience. The big towns had a kind of indifference but it was really the small towns that gave me that feeling. Weird. Maybe it's just me.
[deleted]
No, it means someone who might be passionate, but is generally an asshole about it.
Well, to be fair, the cost to the environment to produce a new car is fairly high, so trading in your civic for a new prius is a bad move, environmentally speaking.
"Nothing says anything about them lying about where or when to vote OR that anyone is associated with the clinton campaign."

--[Maggie Williams](http://blog.washingtonpost.com/thefix/2008/01/maggie_williams_to_join_clinto.html) sat on the board of said organization until last year.

There are several people closely connected to the Clintons, past and present, associated with that entity.

If we're going to be fair, let's be fair. I'm not saying Clinton ordered this to happen, but it happened, and they are closely aligned with her.
*reads chapter*

You're right, that *is* good :-)
[deleted]
Oh, those wacky guys!
Well, the kingdom violently took over the other islands in the years around 1800, and the US overthrew the kingdom less than 100 years later without firing a single shot.
There are also loads of posters who aren't self-absorbed douchebags.  I'd point out an example, but some would probably argue with me.  No matter.  I agree that hubris is involved, but don't necessarily agree that it makes one self-absorbed.  Oh, and the name-calling and whining in the comments - that just sounds like so many 10 year olds - they make themselves look like asses more than any response from the post's author could.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure. 
I drove by an SUV rollover a few years back. The body that was half out of the driver's window was mangled, horrific. Coincidentally that same week, I saw an episode of COPS that showed (repeatedly, in slow-motion) a similar accident with similar bodies flying out of the windows. 
Sounds fun to me.  I wouldn't do it with some random stranger.  I'd want to work my way up to it.  It would be best to have a few make-out sessions first (I say boobies in my face is proof of a loving god).  For me I'd want to be comfortable with the person first, but I wouldn't have to be in love with them.
&gt; he climate of fear in which we live, and fear breeds repression

Repression leads to hate.  Hate...leads to the dark side.
you keep bringing Tibet into this.  Why?
It has gotten to a point where they don't even need to steal sensitive information. They actually run the security systems for the US nuclear stockpiles. http://www.thepeoplesvoice.org/cgi-bin/blogs/voices.php/2007/09/27/u_s_nuclear_weapons_being_a_8220_guarded
The US is now a vassal state of Israel.
[deleted]
For gay and straight guys, the article gave two inevitable outcomes of the Coolidge effect: polygamy or putting monogamous sex on their list of chores.

They weren't as clear with women what happens. Is it just a different time scale that the boredom sets in or is the Coolidge effect only a male phenomenon? While this would be hard to test with heterosexual women (due to their male partners getting bored), there are enough lesbian couples for a statistically significant sample.

Does anyone have any anecdotal thoughts?
Here's a source to verify.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camp_Lemonier

My brother just got back from there.
I am happy to see CNN and Fox coverage is all over this, oh wait a minute......
Could be worse, I hear IBM are coming out with Unified Field Theory next week ...  and will probably hock it off to some formerly unheard of Chinese manufacturer soon after 
then he's doing it wrong.
I heard about the [F150](http://youtube.com/watch?v=-W5-ZN0l9io) .. and the reason I have only ever *heard* about it. (it's not really sold in Europe)
[deleted]
Sure, but when you've got something like this really works, you don't run around with bogus one-off stories like this.  Instead, you:
1. Patent it
2. Conduct a double-blind study to show how effective it is

That there is no indication that they've done either is a good indicator this is snake oil.
Let the down-moddin' begin....
Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Incident! Oh wait
Yeah, Mozilla has no room to complain on this front.  They do nothing to deliver these features to people.  It doesn't matter if they think flash pages are ugly and they don't like video and animation and such, this is what people want and they're going to get it.  If Mozilla doesn't want to be part of that, they have no right to complain when the majority of people move away from them and embrace it, leaving them in the dust.
&gt; Thanks to our American friends, the world is facing economic recession.

"Flounder, you can't spend your whole life worrying about your mistakes! You fucked up - you trusted us!"

Actually, although I agree with most of what Mr Nemo has to say, I think it is a bit much to heap all the blame on our shoulders. There has been 8 years of enabling behavior on the part of the rest of the world.
[deleted]
Suddenly, no one needs bad, burnt "coffee".
I'm a cyborg, but that's ok.

 Korean movies ftw!
By your argument, and assuming each part of your argument is correct, then the entire U.S. should dissolve.
[deleted]
Some would argue that the JJ episode actually *did* do just that.
However, revenue != profit. They probably don't come out much ahead supporting that market. Think of all the money they would save not needing to develop the player, only the authoring software...


I'm curious about that "get a good grinder" comment.
My electric coffee grinder cost me $30. I guess that makes it not a good coffee grinder. But it grinds my coffee to something pretty damn fine after 30 seconds or so.

I see coffee grinders for sale 5 times as expensive as mine was. What can they do that's so much better? grind the coffee so fine that it'll go right through the filter?
Great idea!  Then we can channel our hatred of crapware in a single direction!
Until June 30, then Linux all the way.  A rather short future.
Both.
It seems to have lost that meaning though.  I'm frequently called a snob for merely expressing passion about something.
Imagine Total US income in a pie chart.  This table shoes the percent of that pie (total income) earned by each 20% strata of Americans.  In the 40 years of this table, The "bottom" 80% of us have lost gorund, giving up 7% of the total income.  It all went to the top 20%.  But don't blame all of them just yet.  The last column shows that 5% of that 7% of income went to the top 5% of Americans.  If this chart were broken into tenths, instead of fifths, It would most likely show that the bottom 90% of Americans all lost ground, and the top 5% ate up their piece of the pie. Draw your own conclusions
Do you have a link or remember the media outlet?
RFA please.
youtube should be pretty easy as they converted their entire library to h.264 for the iphone/appleTV. flash player recently added support for h.264 - i don't know if that means youtube is maintaining two libraries right now, but i assume at some point it will be just the one.
What do you, as an engineer, believe the applications are going to be, and in what order are they going to be available to the public (if at all)? As I always try to take the most pessimistic point of view (just to balance even), I get the feeling that there are going to be regulations that are going to limit the applications of this innovation in the near future, to give headway for national security reasons, and to make sure the intelligence and pentagon can have enough time to assess and do net present risk value calculations and evaluations of this innovation before they are going to stand by the side.
What, I'm being downmodded for facts? Or maybe because those facts contradict someone's fantasy-based worldview....
Aw... reddit crush. Well, I've always had a thing for kinky ladies.
[deleted]
Korematsu anyone?
it's "it's"
Here it is:
http://www.cnn.com/2008/CRIME/05/01/florida.kidnapping/index.html
show me some proof first (other than altering your score in a flash game).  Have any mission-critical flash apps been hacked?  Of course idiots making flash games are going to leave some holes open.  Silverlight probably helps out by bending you over first with some fancy ability so your hole is easily attacked.  And now Microsoft is using Silverlight as a front to get Linux-OSS friendly?  Not quite my friend.  You have finally matured .net into a robust solid platform? 
Now you want to inject a potentially trojan-laden piece of software into our browsers---on any platform!!!!  I am so done with the Steve Balmer ethics system that you live by.  Balmer has always championed the hidden "Linux Killer" agenda.  You are just one of his many brainwashed pawns feeding the demise of free software.
Oil is such a whore. It will do anything for money.
Maybe I'm spoiled, but that doesn't sound very open.
Obviously YOU didn't read those articles either.

Entire board of directors are Clinton officials? Give me a break!

The links point out that a few of the group's board members have DONATED to the Clinton campaign. There's a big difference between a campaign "donor" and a campaign "official," and a campaign can't possibly be expected to regulate the behavior of every donor.
&gt;&gt;What this does jive with, is a complete fundamental redesign of Windows, similar to what Apple did with OS X. 

Revamping the UI is not the same as writing a new OS. 
Yep.  From the Wired article:

&gt;Don Powell, who runs a political phone-calling company in Portland, Oregon, says the fact that the autodial campaign was performed anonymously suggests it wasn't an innocent mistake. In general, he says, anonymous, automated campaigns are designed to suppress voter turnout.


THAT's BECAUSE THEY ARE TRAINING!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!1..[because supposedly those thugs break your legs]
I am not sure I follow. Are you saying that if an man and a woman both make 20 toys in a day, they should get paid the same, and the man shouldn't get paid more for staying overtime, because the same work is being done (just 20 toys each)?

I would agree if that is your point. But if staying overtime means you have more productivity, it would make sense to get paid more, no?
Ya, I wanted to respond to the guy.  But didn't want to sign up and register.

Of course since he took high school biology, he's well versed enough in complex theories like natural selection, genetic drift and gene flow.  More so than all of the people who have committed their **lives** to researching in that field.
So you're saying it's like those white caste burgers.
Totally agree.  Having such rigid definitions of success completely ignore how adaptable people are and the individual circumstances that drive happiness (the ultimate goal in the modern age, I suppose).  I understand they have to choose some standard to analyze the population, but like I said, Middle Class is a poor choice.
It can't possibly be a growing problem - the problem will solve itself.
Wait, a Mac fan is criticizing another vendor for standardizing on an expensive but technically superior technology?

Bwahaha! Tell me another!
Because the story behind the headline didn't have anything to do with the headline.
This kind of junk science grows on me.
CNN is a joke but I'm not laughing.
I think it's even more significant that (for those who don't recall), Microsoft purchased FolderShare in 2005 from a small, nimble company called ByteTaxi. http://www.news.com/Microsoft-buys-FolderShare/2100-1014_3-5930785.html  

From the enduser view, there have been no improvements to the product since then - just some identity/cosmetic changes.
About time they paid for their own defense.
Anyone else notice the growing trend on reddit to apply 21st century world views to older situations. The simple fact is that every place in the world once belonged to some other organization than the one that is there now. By the logic used here we should spend the rest of our time on the earth going back as far as possible rather than letting settled issues be settled. If the Hawaiian natives are being abused and having there rights injured at the hands of some oppressive US government (Like the tibetans are) then there is a point. But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.    
i think it's cool how it takes them a couple of days to getting around to making arrest warrants (which they'd never bother with mainland anyway) and yeah, sooner or later they're going to get around to going in there and arresting them probably, but you know, it's ok they're there and all, it's chill. 
It's six of your American dollars for a Mocha in London.
&gt; This announcement has NOTHING to do with being open. It's all about locking in the other side of the consumer electronics industry that Adobe needs as we move close to a converged internet-tv-wireless model.

While this is almost certainly true, that doesn't mean we (open-source software users) can't benefit from this announcement. Sometimes the right thing for the corporate bottom line is also the right thing for users... though far too few companies seem to realize this is even possible.
Mamma, what's a 'record'?
Hmm. A plastic surgeon is calling a scientific breakthrough that would cut his business by more than half, is saying it's "junk science." Doesn't sound disingenuous at all.
*Brittanny Spears*
Nice try Lenovo, but I want to run OS X.  I want to buy a pen and you are trying to sell me a crayon.
I just realized that debates between the branches of the military are just as dumb as Windows vs Linux vs Mac debates.
&gt;There are 13 propane-powered cannons surrounding the pond where the ducks landed

Holy shit!  Who decided to fill them full of flak before they had a chance to die in the pond?
Wrong again. Reddit isn't mainstream media.

It's apples &amp; oranges.

Nice try (again).
So rather than ponder your cutoff you'd rather the government pass laws and change the tax code so that they decide for you how far to take things?

I run into the "nth" degree arguement often.  I also call it the "perfection" arguement.  I carpool with my wife 5 miles (@50mpg) and ride my bike in the summer.  Some would say I could do better, and they'd be correct.  Fact of the matter is though in my life I've taken care of all the low hanging fruit from an energy perspective.  One vehicle, solar thermal hot water, geothermal heat pump for space heating, efficient appliances, small home.  I'll point out that this was all economical.  Could I do something else? Absolutely, and I will, but I'm sure you'll agree I've picked all the low hanging fruit.

Having an SUV on the other hand, that fruit is about as low as it can get.

I agree with you on your last paragraph.  I also agree with the spirit of driving much needed innovation through better government policies.  On a personal level though, to be green (or whatever anyone wants to call it) a certain amount of informed activism in ones choices is needed.
That boy is an idiot, a sweet idiot. I might have returned everything that was not cash, anonymously.
Fuck'em.  It's not our fault their women are so ugly, they have to keep their faces covered.
&gt; Now if they would only open-source the player client...

Yeah,right. As soon as IBM reverse engineers it.
Most likely they just ran out of money and the chief said not to come in that week.  Then a week turned into 15 years.
Well, I read the article, but not the links after the article. Probably because the links after the article are not the article.
Pass the tarter sauce... 
I've known plenty of marines and still know them. I live in San Diego for FSM's sake. 

They also have the lowest requirement for ASVAB scores. Just because you have good endurance doesn't suddenly make you an automatic badass.

I live and work surrounded by Marines on a daily basis and they aren't any different from anyone else. Some are strong, some are little guys who couldn't beat up my little sister.
No, what I'm saying is that the man's original work hours before overtime should not have increase pay just because he's more likely to do over time.  And this is what happens.
&gt;**William McNary Speaks Out in Support of WVWV**
&gt;May 1st, 2008

&gt;Statement of William McNary, President of USAction, Co-Executive Director Citizen Action/Illinois and Board Member of Womens Voices, Women Vote

&gt;During five election cycles, I have worked with the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition where I co-directed targeted voter registration campaigns and get out the vote efforts to the African American community. I have also had the great privelege of serving on the Board of Directors of Womens Voices, Women Vote  a non profit, non partisan organization whose mission is registering underrepresented Americans, primarily, unmarried women.

&gt;**I am also a voter. And in this election, I am supporting Barack Obama, whom Ive known and worked with for years. I am also an elected delegate to the Democratic Convention for Barack Obama.**

&gt;Given my candidate preference and my background and associations in voter registration efforts, I can say with great conviction, there was no effort to suppress or confuse African American voters, or any other voters in the state of North Carolina by Womens Voices, Women Vote.

&gt;I have seen up close the work of Womens Voices. Women Vote and know well the commitment, passion and leadership our organization has shown in helping make the voices of unmarried women and other underrepresented voters heard. There may have been mistakes made in this particular registration drive in North Carolina, but Womens Voices, Women Votes motives were not malicious or intended in any way to confuse voters. Ironically, just the opposite. I know the staff is making every effort to right the situation.

So, in other words, a well meaning non-profit makes some mistakes and it's turned into conspiracy porn for the reddit masses. Great job guys, as usual.
Not gay.  Just an aspie.
[deleted]
Yeah, and methane is a much more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide!

Wait... OMG BICYCLISTS CAUSE GLOBAL WARMINGS!!1!1
And get python running in the flash runtime? (I can dream!)
It wont be.  Although adobe is 'opening' up, it's not open in the firefox sense of the word.  Theyre just allowing developers more access to API's.
"Wrong crowd"? I don't really choose my friends based on their political view.

But I'm talking about talking to suburban folks. Blue collar people too. Politically active people. 

And I don't think America is as anti-war as people think it is. We may say we are in polls, but the vocal right will throw mud and bs around to keep us there, and drag the moderate/apathetic types in with them. 

"Fuck you frank" applies. 
[deleted]
There are numerous open-source products which can _create_ swf files. Official sanction to build players was really the missing link. Neither Gnash nor swfdec suffice; and the native Linux flash player sucks for stability and has numerous other issues (contortions required to get it to run on 64 bit, etc.).
People need to realize that the government killed stationwagons with fleet MPG requirements which is a good example of the government making a bad situation worse.

When fleet MPG requirements came in the obvious thing was to make smaller cars, not stationwagons.  So, what was the stationwagon driver supposed to do, considering they already had three kids and two dogs?

They bought trucks which were not subject to fleet regulations and the SUV was born.

This is exceptionally bad as trucks are geared lower than stationwagons and have a much greater frontal area and so get worse gas mileage at highway speeds.

This is what happens when bureaucrats think they are smarter than the market.
Ahh, I see Burger King is selling sliders now...
I have a T61 with similar hardware, and it was all detected just fine with Fedora 8.  Ubuntu 8 would probably also support these without issue.
I'm not sure about Dave, but I know exactly why I might buy a MacBook Air. I already have a workhorse desktop (iMac) that I use for all tasks that are resource-intensive. Works great for everything I need on a daily basis.
What I am in the market for is another Mac that is super light and ultra-portable.
 I just need something to browse the web, check email and maybe watch some torrent downloads (tv shows). That's really all I'd want the machine for, and I want it to be portable enough to easily fit into a briefcase or bookbag and operating OS X for when I'm on the go.

I'd use the iPod touch if it weren't for the lack of Flash support (and save a lot of money), but that hurdle hasn't been jumped yet. I think the MacBooks are ugly, and a MacBook Pro is way too heavy and large for what I want it for. I'm holding out for the MacBook redesign (supposedly coming soon) that's going to replace the cheap plastic case with an all aluminum enclosure, and so I haven't gone all the way and bought the Air yet.

But as far as "Why?" goes, I'm that narrow demographic for whom the Air seems to be targeted for. I don't imagine there is a very large market for it, as it's definitely under-specced for anyone wanting a full-feature machine.
But it does have its place in the MacBook line, even if it's a very limited demographic (professionals on-the-go).
I haven't seen all of Spike Lee's work, but from what I've seen, Do The Right Thing, Crooklyn, The 25th Hour, I haven't really seen anything where he 'villainizes white people and exaggerates the plight of blacks in America'

Can you elaborate?  I know it's a joke - but I'd like to know what specifically you are referring to. 
&gt; Which would be your implicit premise - "we should do whatever our savage cookbook tells us to". Which can be trivially refuted.

Then refute it. 

&gt; Obedience to the word of the Koran is everything if and only if the Koran is an authentic document (a genuine documentation of "God's will").

Right. And the assumption is that it is authentic. Surely you've  tried arguing with a True Believer before. Refuting the premise of their moral system is anything but trivial. 

&gt; That's an assertion of fact. Which, again, can be trivially refuted.

No, it is a premise. It can neither be refuted nor proven. Just like you might live on the premise that humans have inherent rights and are equals. You can't prove it. You just assert it and base your morals on it. 

&gt; The fixed point of reference is that we're all human. Moreover, it's empathy.

So morals wouldn't apply to non-human intelligence in the universe? 


I agree.  I think a reply to that sub article mentioned that we should go back to apprenticeship programs and the like to change the way we view education and the purpose of it.
Heh... With two abysmal reviews, both saying it did not in any way work as described.
Speak for yourself... however... I don't want these things, anyway. 
[deleted]
The reason they're working so hard on the "sustainable messaging is because...what they are doing is completely the opposite of sustainable. You can't dig stuff out of the ground and burn it, and call that sustainable in any sense of the word - never mind all the pollution that happens along the way. 

See also the Globe and Mail (Canadian newspaper) article: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20080430.wducks30/BNStory/National/


I just got a 12 pack assortment of their coffee products from Costco. I'm usually more frugal in my shopping though. It's a 12 pack, and it's from Costco, but it's still an expensive beverage. I can make smoothies for a lot less and it would be a lot healthier.
As long as his net contribution is positive.
The US certainly doesn't let anyone join the actual union... cough cough Puerto Rico. 
Hmmm...what's more worthless to "civilization"?  Trolling reddit or drinking Starbucks?  Tough choice...
Yes, but Gnash is developed via clean-room reverse engineering the Adobe Flash plug-in.  If Adobe were to allow the use of its specs and whatnot for SWF compilers and whatnot for players, that would help immensely in the completion of Gnash.
And I'm fucking getting older :(
thats a bit old - 3 days later (today) they're dancing around $110 - that's news - down nearly 10% in 3 days
...which is why $4 coffee is sort of peripheral to what's really going on.
That was just obnoxious.  The second alien scene was just a repeat of the first encounter, and the first one went on too long anyway.
I use it on the train, and it's as portable as my old Dell X1, which is certainly an ultraportable. 
http://reddit.com/random

:)
I think technically a watch has to tell time, not just give you a false sense of security when you are too lazy/distractable to keep track of your children
Memristor, can't resist her, red beans and rice did miss her
Yeah but similar to PDF, once you open it up, free alternatives cut into your bottom line.
[deleted]
Pretty much.
I can envision some dystopian America, one in which millions of old SUVs house former suburbanites displaced from their homes by the mortgage crisis and plummeting dollar, and having nowhere to go, they relocate into their SUSVs. They live within walking distance of their call-center jobs, placed inside what once were Best Buys, Walmarts and Macys, answering software and finance questions for Chinese and Indian professionals working in Europe and Latinoamerica. Their children go to daycare at the Toys'r'us, dismantled and now looking like a socks factory, and their toys are "My first call center" and "my little pony: affordable meat."
There are only a few grandmas, since everybody dies young due to the lack of decent food or health care. The few doctors still practicing live in enormous military complexes.

But there is an abundance of politicians everywhere.
[deleted]
But that's part of the problem, too, isn't it? What sort of society are we building if we let employers dictate our lifestyles to the extent that we choose between the job and spending time with our family? It's one thing when a small percentage of occupations eat into a guy's personal life, it's totally different when the vast majority of jobs do. I know way too many families, way too many fathers, who cannot *afford* time with their kids. 

That's messed up. 
[deleted]
In other news - Anna Nicole Smith is still dead - did OJ do it? Lets go to Wolf Blitzer in the Situation Room!
Yep... one superdelegate is all he needed...

Too bad he is still no closer to the nomination and probably will not win in a contest vs. McCain...
It refers to the greenhouse gases emitted in producing food (e.g., CO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; released in transporting food from the factory to the supermarket or in the process of raising animals).
**:-(**
LOL Yes, that's very "sort of". No wonder I missed it. 
I think it would be worse with Uggs, or plastic rain boots.

And yes, more tits in public would be fantastic.
&gt;The [visitors] stand in front of the window with their children and have their photographs taken.

Wow..just. Wow
[deleted]
Interesting.  On occasion, These kinds of people can be seen on the beach trying to hold back the tide.
"a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to continue this process, and a vote to continue this process is a vote that assists (Republican) John McCain."

.. the DNC now is resorting to fear in order to get votes for Obama.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is surprisingly mesmerizing and entertaining to watch.
I don't know. I didn't have to show ID in England (at either the last general election or the last mayoral election in London). I assume the law is different in Northern Ireland and Scotland, sorry for the mistake. Or it may be that you didn't actually have to show ID (perhaps the election official was mistaken).
[deleted]
Thats what I was wondering, given that they can record some 'analog' state it still shouldn't have that much of an advantage over a floating point number which will probably have more than enough accuracy to get a good result.  Maybe they are planning on printing billions of these things eventually and I could see how that may start to become competitive as it would be more efficient.
And just as much of "Too little too late!" Seriously.
FWIW, I get paid $12 an hour to babysit, and I think my employers are overpaying me. Of course, maybe you have someone who's more qualified than me sitting for you...
A little old, but some [people agree](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/breaking-news/world/north-america/article2209817.ece) with you.
In all seriousness though, aren't there some serious drug runners that use the great lakes?
I don't know who's stupider, the American consumers who thought that gas will remain cheap forever or the US automakers who came to depend way too much on the sale of large SUVs for their sales and profitability.  Now, both are screwed. No tears need be shed for them.  It's not like they could not see this coming.  They went through this before, during the 1973 oil crisis and 1979 energy crisis.  
HD's in my area suck. I drive past three of them to go to Lowes.

The tool selection is not so hot and the prices are usually more than lowes.
Young lady, I am an expert on humans. Now pick a mouth, open it and say "brglgrglgrrr"! 
If I could get an SUV cheap enough, I would probably buy one.  I'd leave it in my driveway until those occasions came up when I really needed it, using my more efficient cars for daily use.
Those who don't understand UNIX are doomed to reimplement it, badly.
Yeah, I haven't tried patching the kernel to support the HDD accelerometer on my T61p yet. Still, overall, I'm quite fond of Ubuntu on my system.

My only wish would be bundled systems where they integration-test all the hardware with Linux before shipping. I know, it's unlikely, but I can dream.
In '94? I did, for one. The first CGI 'scripts' i ever wrote were in C. We even delivered on-time and under budget! 

It was not a complex application though .. little more than a couple forms really.
[deleted]
I first read the title as Bill Clinton has been appointed the DNC head...that was a scary moment....
^ most overdone joke on reddit these days.
Of course not.  This is reddit.  No one actually "reads" anything.
Developers are ALREADY open to create products from the spec that generates SWF and FLV files.  What this is doing is allowing them to create players as well.
Ok we get the point, stop buying starbucks, who cares anymore it's just coffee
And it's *totally* broken on OS/2.
[deleted]
Ah, but that's one of the things the current XO laptops can teach a child.  

I learned to code by playing around with BASIC on my Commodore 64.  You could say I've leveraged that into my current career. (Scary thought!)

The XO laptops come with EToys -- which teach children the critical thinking and basic concepts needed to code.  When they outgrow that, the rest of the OS is wide open to them.

Windows?  Not so much.  Incidently, you can get EToys on a windows machine.  But after you're through with EToys, where do you go from there?  VisualC? I hope not!
Silverlight? Who the hell uses Silverlight? (I've honestly never come across a website that needed me to install it.)
That is exactly my point. None of that sounds criminal but they are willing to harass people anyway.
The joke was bad, but the setup was worse.
The price of oil is the same, it's just the value of the dollar dropping. I can see their excuses coming...
It is sad that people are surprised when someone decides his self-respect is worth more than $800. What is yours worth to you?
It just takes one picture of a burnt-to-a-crisp Iraqi baby to change people's minds.
Wait until they hear what the escort ads mean when they say "I like Greek!"
[deleted]
Are we talking time-frames of hundred of years before we see analog applications?
[deleted]
Can I get some fries with that FUD?
I'm not exactly sure how to search google for specific days of the week. When I did a search on "endorsement superdelegate" for the past week (advanced google search), the page of reaults that came up showed an Obama bias. Out of the 11 reults on the first page, 10 were for Obama getting the Kentucky superdelegate endorsement and not one mentioned Eisley! 
Begone, naysayer!
&gt; She's even begun sending herself reminders on her BlackBerry so she doesn't forget a case of water on sale at CVS or the twice-monthly sale on milk at Kroger

She still has the Blackberry, though!
As usual, squid pictures make no sense to me...
yeah... I read the article and was like... this isn't "open" it's "doing what we can to maximize market share"
[deleted]
Serious question - is it against Polygamist law or whatever to have like a huge orgy with all your wives at once?  Come on now, you all thought of this too after reading that.
If someone made a website about it, it must be true.
As long as the football is quality, who cares which of the top leagues is the best right now?  Spain, England, Italy, Germany, France... it's all good.  Enjoy it.

Try living in the U.S., where all of the once-great professional sports now all suck.

And don't even ask about MLS... 
That comment alone made this thread worth reading.
I totally agree with your innovative post.
I'm not sure I agree with the second point. (BTW thanks for the summary!)


The tax system doesn't 'penalize' a two income household. We do have a progressive tax system. However, there are a hell of a lot of benefits that married households get that offset this.


The rest I agree with completely.
How do you force someone to switch jobs?
My comment shouldn't have been personal - sorry.  But I disagree with you on the American public and the war - they don't want it.
I love how I had to scroll to the bottom of the comments to see this.  Anyway, you're not alone.
My favorite Dr. Zoidberg quote: "Once again, the conservative, sandwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor! *slurrp* ...aah! I'm ruined! AAahhhah whyyyy whyy.."

First off, there's still a lot of work to be done on the topic.  The memristor as it stands right now is a component.  To actually get it talking to the other components in a useful way at the consumer product level is obviously going to take time.  After that hurdle is accomplished, of course you'll see the memristor slowly make its way to consumer products.  My point was HP Labs does work that is more important to the government entities than it would be to the end consumer market.  For instance, they invented the painless injection skin patch, which, short of diabetics, has more real world application in large scale government sponsored vaccination programs and large industry than at the consumer level.  They're also partnering up with the likes of CERN for their scientific efforts which really doesn't play a whole lot into the consumer sector.    
It's not a moral outrage. It's business. Miley Cyrus has a brand, and with that comes an image.

Her pictures violated that image, which will result in lower sales.

And I am downmodding this article because of the celebrity, but commenting because of the underlying view of why DIS is upset.
READY THE THRUSTERS! 
Thanks. ;)
If I don't hear "Never Gonna Give You Up" on every track on the album, I'm asking for my money back on account of they didn't get the joke.
Edit: I was joking around, and mostly poking fun at the "bumper sticker pundits", as well as the "hippy kids" who wear tie dye listen to jam bands, and drive huge SUV's. 

But yeah, I don't downvote you, because hating SUV's is symbolic. Even if everyone drove a hybrid, we would still be fucked. 

Real change will be when people call for more bike lanes. I live in the suburbs, and I'm pretty sure the biggest reason more people don't ride bikes short distances is because they don't wanna stick out.

Not me, I love riding my bike, but it's hard to do extended trips from the suburbs to the city, or between suburbs. 

In the city, bikes are a minority, but a distinct and respect minroity. You can also hop on a sidewalk if it gets hairy.

Outside of that, people treat bikes as a novelty, and get viciously angry at them. Even I get nervous driving around them. Our roads are legally ok for bikes, but they aren't designed for them. 


You are absolutely right.  If I were to suggest to my wife that all of our documents would be living on a server on the internet, she would say "hell no."  I don't think the average computer user trusts the internet at this point.  The big AV companies certainly don't help, with their scare tactics and all.
How the fuck is 20MPG considered green, my fucking piece of shit 1991 Camry gets 35+.....GM is fucking retarded.  Just because something is a hybrid and gets more MPGs than it's full gas counterpart does that doesn't mean it's green.
&gt;According to Nitot, the Adobe Flash Player is on 98 percent of all PCs in the world.

Since when do 98 percent of all PCs *in the world* even have access to the internet?
I don't think this is saying much. When times get rough, people scale back on luxuries. "$4 coffees," like $10 ice creams and $12 movie tickets, are generally luxuries - all will suffer in this economy.

While most Starbucks coffee, even here in NY, is less than $3, I only know a handful of people who go there for regular coffee. There are a **million** places in the city where you can get much better cup of coffee for no more than $1. The good thing about Starbucks are their espresso drinks - it's one of the only places I can reliably get a generally competently-made cappuccino for around $3, which while a bit expensive, is a great drink at those critical, please-God-help-me-get-through-this-next-meeting moments.
Ice cream doesn't kill people in auto accidents or pollute the planet. This is hardly a reasonable counter-argument. 

SUVs are one of several embodiments of modern excess and disregard for community. They're the products of an auto arms race and I am more than happy to see them get shunned. 

Naturally, though, most owners will completely miss most of that. 
Theres a difference and you know it.

Is the majority of the Tibetan population against Chinese ruling?

Are the majority of Hawaiians against American rule, or just a small protesting minority.

Unless things are overplayed, it seems the vast majority of Tibetans do not want to be a part of China, while a small majority of Hawaiians actually want freedom from America.

Hawaii is such a small state so far away from everything, without assistance I doubt it could survive on it's own. It's economy is sustained by tourism, something that would be cut back on if you needed a passport to visit.

Hawaii has one of the highest costs of living and lowest incomes of American states. 

But in all reality, America would not give up the host of highly convenient Pacific Naval station.
and, thus, **siding with the terrorists!**

Sorry, everyone else gets to say it...
I looked at some of his other entries. They all strike me as preachy blowviating (sp) tripe. It seems that this guy never ventures outside of his luxurious world.
I used to enjoy going to the cinema; but the last few times that I've went (and it's been several years now) it was completely ruined because people felt that they needed to provide their own commentary throughout the movie.

I don't mind if people are texting on their phones, so long as the sound is off, and I can even forgive a quick and whispered bit of non-movie-related conversation so long as it isn't non-stop, but I can't abide people shouting idiotic comments at the screen throughout the entire movie.

When I go to watch a zombie movie, I don't need to hear "bitch, he dead!" every time a zombie appears on the screen.   When I watch a slapstick comedy, I don't need to hear "He jus fell on he ass!" every time someone trips.  I have fucking eyes, I can see whats happening for myself.
I follow three rules when posting here:

1. Don't swear.
2. If possible, respond to heavy downmodding with a graceful and humorous recovery.
3. Never use the word "dude."  Thanks to your username, everyone expects it.
You know, it would seem that lead was the most abundant resource on the planet. I mean how hard is it, to not make something with lead in it?
Why don't you do a research study and find out the answer to this amazing question!
how about this logic

1) the "eternal" union is an ideal 

2) idealism has a strong pull on humans

3) humans act on their ideals

4) understanding ideals is important to understanding human action
I don't go to the cinema.  I can't remember the last time there was a decent movie.  And most of the time, the movies are so bad, I am lucky if I last until the credits roll.

And when you hit the immobile object?  More mass is not better.
There's nothing wrong with cheering on the downturn.  A sizable minority of Redditors are programmers, and everybody (else) got their LULZ on when the dot-bomb hit.
"We, the German Fuhrer and Chancellor, and the British Prime Minister, have had a further meeting today and are agreed in recognising that the question of Anglo-German relations is of the first importance for the two countries and for Europe. We regard the agreement signed last night and the Anglo-German naval agreement as symbolic of the desire of our two peoples never to go to war with one another again. We are resolved that the method of consultation shall be the method adopted to deal with any other questions that may concern our two countries and we are determined to continue our efforts to remove possible sources of difference and thus to contribute to assure the peace of Europe."


"My good friends, for the second time in our history, a British Prime Minister has returned from Germany bringing peace with honour. I believe it is peace for our time."
You can't blame Microsoft et al. for wasting money on new ventures - the government forces them to. Taxes on corporate profits and dividend income far exceed those on capital gains. The government thus subsidizes waste.

...chocolate bars.
Probably.  There's "not enough scoring", so to most of them it's not a sport.  lol.
I don't know. If I was a private employer, I would find more value in an employee that was willing to do overtime. I would probably want to increase his/her pay to make sure they stayed employed with me.
People who really care about the planet don't use laptops due to the toxic waste from the manufacturing of semiconductors.  Real conservationists use semaphores made from dead wood (smoke signals pollute).
True, although I would rank the Navy, Marines and Army ahead of the air force. I swear my friend got fatter after he joined. 
I feel like such a knuckle-head now.
I'm not at all surprised that Hawaii does it.  I lived there for four years and they're on the leading edge of overblown government and anti-liberty rulings.

The problem is in the 'identification' stage - is it because the husband wears redneck clothes?  Or has a tattoo?  Or maybe they don't look like the person doing the judging.

I re-iterate - 'some idiot'.
Did you get your screenshot, because I actually only used it incorrectly *once* at the time of posting?

Am I seriously being downmodded for a typo?
Yes, it has nothing to do with your sunny disposition and insightful commentary...
Science: Sky is blue. Water is wet. Grass grows.

Science: Stating the obvious since 1689.
Have you considered just parking your F150 and leasing a Minicooper or a smartcar?
When quantifying how relieved you are to not be a golem, would you say you're:

* Very relieved
* Somewhat relieved
* Somewhat not relieved
* Not at all relieved
Excellent reply, thanks.

Aren't you worried about breaking it? The Air seems so... delicate. I think I'd be uneasy putting it "into a briefcase or bookbag".

I think you nailed it, though: you're the target demographic. I almost certainly never will be, so maybe I won't ever understand :-).
Too much work.  Does your house have a drive-thru?
Right, I think the specialty drinks are what everyone is talking about.  Whenever I go there, everyone is always ordering a specialty drink of some variety.  People rarely go there to get just plain coffee, which is why they revamped it with their Pike's Place Roast or whatever it's called.
wait a minute - you're calling your **own images** *remarkable*?
You most welcome. Happy Redditing!!
When I was in Detroit Summer 2005, and walked through downtown, "post-apocalyptic wasteland" was almost exactly what was running through my head at the time...
&gt;but it's not right

Because you say so?  How is anyone qualified to say what's right and wrong?  That all depends on values.

Also, is it right that, that money will be missing from Wal-Mart's health care account now?  Do you think the board of directors reached into their pocket and decided to donate that money back to the victims? - doubtful.  Should Wal-Mart employees have their premiums raised because of media outcry?

There's a big difference between right and wrong vs legality.  In business/money, law should have final say.  Law is binding agreements written on paper that set the stage for "fair play" in business.
Has the value of the dollar sunk that low? What is that in $Canadian$ or $Euro$ ??
Can any redditor produce these for us other redditors now that we redditors know they are possible?
I would say that it is counterfeiting.

Secure rooms if they must have windows have special windows which will not shake or vibrate.

Special rooms with soundproof padding are used for communication equipment rooms.
Even if they're used for discrete circuits, they seem pretty useful. The most obvious application be a more dense, faster replacement for flash memory (maybe as fast as SRAM?)

For processors, I kinda have a picture in my head of an adder constructed out of memristors which would require many fewer elements than one built out of transistors. If my understanding of how these things works is correct, if you had a memristor that could represent 4 discrete values (0, 1, 2 and 3), each one could be a one-bit adder with carry; 32 for a 32-bit adder.  If they could represent 8 discrete values (0 - 7), each could be a two-bit adder (16 for a 32 bit adder), etc.
I'm sorry, but it's just not made up.  The truth IS bad enough, and denying it doesn't make it more palatable.  We have committed genocide, which was the example you cited. Does it really matter that ours was 150 years ago and Husseins was 25 years ago?   Other than perhaps using chemical weapons, this country has committed every heinous act that we accused Hussein of, and every justification that was used to invade and destroy Iraq is something that this country has committed at one time or another.  Recently in many cases...  I'm still waiting for you to name something that Saddam is actually guilty of that we haven't done in our past. (or present) I've brought up the chemical weapons, so lay it on me...  
Please. It is a moronic and barbaric ritual. And if you tell me kids don't land awkwardly on their arms sometimes and break them, you are a liar.
Oh crud, that's my cue!  I'm not prepared!  THIRTY SILVER!  OINTMENT!  BETRAYAL METAPHOR!  2000 YEARS AGO!  CRUCIFIXION!

...That could have gone better.
Good for Spike Lee, I'm glad someone spoke up.
Democracy is watching everyone around you 'vote' for the lesser evil, then having the privilege of buying your own chains because the Country 'voted' for its leader.
So far sounds sensible. I'm not in favor of criminalizing sex as a principle, but it's not a horrible law and does serve a purpose.

I do wonder how many cases are in which sexy 15-16 years old girl hook up with 22-25 years old. I do know at least one case (met the girl years after, and I'm pretty sure she took the initiative at the time).

All things considered, I'd have put the age difference at 10 years.
Let me explain.  Honor killings are on the rise.  Who are these killings against? Women.  Who produces children? Women.  Kill your women, kill your ability to reproduce.  Over time population declines, becomes obsolete, dies out.  Sure this will all take a few more centuries, but if they just keep killing their wives, thats the best outcome we could have ever hoped for.

Agree?
rubbish.. There are plenty of good jobs out there.. Doesn't matter to much which language you pick..In any long term position you will use them all and a host of new ones..
I generally do DotNet. But of course in the real world, that includes,Java script,HTML,SQL,C#......
Just finished a project with PHP , hand helds.
The point is you have to be a self learner, replacing ALL of your skills about every 2 years, or at least a major upgrade.
But after you have the requirements and the logic of a system, it pretty much comes down to syntax.
Programming pretty much Mon - Friday.
Network/infrastucture 24-7 Nights and Weekends
BTW ,NO DIPLOMA, NO DEGREE, NO CERTIFICATIONS and Im doing about 200k for the past 10 yrs.


Maybe they're protesting the ban on fake testicles.
I don't believe that most of the people who voted were actually natives.
Maybe you missed my point. The point is not the quantity of endorsements, but the quality of the coverage. The day that a governor of an upcoming primary state endorsed Clinton, the media played up the endorsement from a minor representative from a smaller, unrelated state. To me that seems rather biased in it's reporting.
Sounds like Hotel California.
[deleted]
Creepy.
http://www.electoral-vote.com

This dude was spot on in both 2000 and 2004.

I'm with you, though. While I am totally turned off from Obama right now thanks to the reddit zombies, I would vote for him if it comes down to him vs. McCain. I wonder how many of the automatons here would do the same were it Clinton vs. McCain....

Sad.
There is a comment on the talk that addresses this issue:

I think it's worth considering the coupling between two of the phenomena Warren describes: the transition from single- to dual-income households and the vast increase in the cost of housing. Middle-class people are bidding for a fixed supply of desirable housing (if not quite fixed, close to it). Once a critical mass of families become dual income, the price of such assets increases, such that it's no longer possible to independently choose to remain single-income without having to live in (e.g.) a terrible neighbourhood. So the transition to dual income in itself increases the amount families have to spend on housing.

So there's a co-ordination problem: the choices others make impact on the payoffs associated with choices indivudual families make. I suspect that what happened previously to prevent an "arms race" with families working more and more (second earner plus longer hours) to maintain their rank position was a combination of social and economic factors. On the social side a sexist perception of the correct role of women (needless to say, not a good thing in itself) limited female workforce participation, and equally there were implicit limits on working hours for men. On the economic front, unions created explicit barriers to excessive work effort. Taken together you had a de facto limit on the work effort of a typical family, which halted the arms race that might otherwise have ensued.

There is also an effect of inequality: it increases the "location gradient" for housing. Simply put, in the relatively egalitarian past (and present, in some countries) it wasn't as big a deal to not be in the very best neighbourhood. Today, location really is everything, and buyers know it.

The net effect of all of this is that while technology and globalization have greatly reduced the real cost of goods, we haven't enjoyed the fruits of this effect as much as we might otherwise have, because as families we've become locked in arms races with each other, working harder to chase scarce goods (mainly housing), in what is close to a zero-sum game. This is what explains the remarkable fact that while my mother (she's 70) marvels at how cheap everything is ("we had to save to buy a fridge"), she simultaneously thinks we as a couple work far too much. The difference for us is housing. My father could buy a house outright out of his earnings. We need to save every penny we have, both work full time and take out a mortgage which is uncomfortable to service, just to live in a nice area.
So my argument is absurd because FREE TIBET!!!?

I don't understand.
I like how at 0:56 after they flip their car the one guy gets out his map.
[deleted]
Pro shooters are usually sponsored by Benelli etc. so they compliment the gun a lot because that is how they make their living
Don't patronize successful businesses! Their employees don't need jobs!
&gt;Overall production fell 5.6% from a year ago, in part from natural field declines and maintenance.
Oil prices are at record levels, so Iran looks more and more tasty to Bush and his oil buddies. After you bomb them into the Stone Age, someone will have to rebuild their oil wells. I think Haliburton has quite a bit of experience in that.
They left off the last part. John McCain is an American **douchebag**.
Why hasn't anyone seen fit to do something about this piggyback technique?
Arrogance?
What if the user never requires that kind of bandwidth in the future? What punishment would come from a user not upgrading when they decide they needed the bandwidth just once and that time has passed?
[deleted]
What he did on the stand was perjure himself, right off the bat, against the advice of his counsel.
NO! You're DEAD WRONG.

Read the fuckin' Adobe presser... Adobe is NOT opening their SWF specification to allow other developers to create products the create SWF and FLV files.

&gt;The SWF specification has been published since 1998. Until today, the specification had a license agreement associated with it, which said that developers could write software to output SWF but could not make software that would **play SWF files**. These license terms were initially included to prevent fragmentation, which most client technologies have experienced. These terms have worked well for Flash Player over the past decade as it now reaches over 98% of PCs on the Web with a consistent runtime, enabling things such as the video revolution we see today across the Web. With this announcement, Adobe is removing this restriction from the SWF specification, as **we have established a consistent runtime** and we want to ensure the industry can confidently continue to support the SWF format. **This will permit the development of applications that play SWF files.** Adobe will of course remain focused on making the best, most reliable and consistently distributed implementation across desktops and devices.

They are simply opening the "player" specs in order to get the SWF/FLV platform onto DVD players, TVs and other NON-computer consumer products.

This announcement has NOTHING to do with being open. It's all about locking in the other side of the consumer electronics industry that Adobe needs as we move close to a converged internet-tv-wireless model.
true - but they didn't have the distinction of being the house with a robot doing their yard work. I'm sure that rouses some envy in the burbs...
I think I would draw a line between restraining someone with force and extracting information by force.
its you're
&gt; Why is it that every time someone becomes well-known, he turns into a self-absorbed douchebag?

I think it's the other way around: they manage to become well known because they're self-absorbed douchebags in the first place. The nice guy finishes last, and never goes anything brilliant enough to become well known.
Yes, and the implication was the end of the "one state solution" would come because Israel would "vanish".

God, you're an asshole. You're wrong on the issue on at hand to the point that you can't even address it, so you proceed with more irrelevant shit and ad hominem attacks.

You don't know shit about my politics. All I'm doing is calling a spade a spade.
It's always funny watching fundimentalists butt heads.
&gt; **"The Powers That Be realize that the U.S. needs what amounts to a slave-labor working class to compete with other nations. There's no way around it; the U.S. is broke. They're insuring wages not only stay down but will effectively go lower as things bottom out."**

WORTH REPEATING.

China is the Prototype of the Financiers. Why do you think we're such buddies with them? Why do you think they have no problem buying all this slave labor crap from China to sell it to the US?

Because they wouldn't care if we were those factory workers, either.
No joke, I drive a small VW and I'm forced to dodge these asswipes every fu*kin day.
I hope gas prices force these morons onto scooters.
Wasn't Alaska purchased from Russia though?
That way we can arrest even more people under suspicion of terrorism.
no, the essence of the comment is:

Have taste, don't support chains.
[deleted]
Hmm. Most of those companies have huge disclaimers about how you shouldn't use them for 911 calls..
They've never made profit from the player, or directly the flash *format* itself. Macromedia's and Adobe's profit source for Flash has *always* been the authoring envionment, and for a large part, this will not affect that at all, nor would it have before. It will take a while for any serious contender to Flash (the authoring tool) to appear - if ever. Likewise, there are dozens of commercial, and some open source, PDF authoring tools, but Adobe still makes a decent amount of profit from Acrobat, which is considered the industry leader, even though Acrobat Reader has been free for ages, and the document format has been open for years.
And the US Threatened war between 1818-46 over the Oregon Territory in the ["Fifty-Four Forty or Fight"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oregon_boundary_dispute) crap and the rest of your warmongering ["Manifest Destiny"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_Destiny) garbage


I don't think buying locally is the issue here. Besides, it's not always the best alternative. My locally-grown New York City coffee beans would undoubtedly be more harmful to the global environment than Columbian ones. Not to mention my stomach. 
STAND BACK! I'M GONNA TRY TURBO-LESBIANISM! 

...I mean... I'M GONNA TRY SCIENCE!
[tangentially](https://www.cafepress.com/strk3/739431)

No, we're just happy to see you... 
The mass doesn't really help in the example of the semi (that's more just the benefit of size), but mass *definitely* makes *you* safer, not the other driver.

The car isolates and protects the driver.  Large vehicles provide more isolation (more crumple room), and the heavier your vehicle, the more it will dominate in the event of a collision.  That is to say, in a head-on crash, a 2000kg vehicle will have a less substantial change in velocity than a 1000kg vehicle.  If your vehicle is big and heavy, you will undergo a smaller magnitude deceleration due to a smaller total change in velocity AND due to the additional room (time) to undergo that change in velocity.

Also, energy in a car does not get dissipated in a "bad" way.  Cars are designed to lose energy by bending steel.  The more steel you have, and the more room you have to bend that steel, the better.
I love how you are bashing him for confusing Chinese and Japanese people, while, in the same sentence, saying "ignorant white fucks" and earlier with "are you fucking stupid, or just white."

You win, sir.
if they played the game they would know that you're not forced to drive drunk.
Worse than the rejected nun: The English-degree-holder who wanted to write for a living but couldn't cut it.  Forced to teach, she hates everything about her job and lashes out at anyone who dares bat an eye out of line.
&gt;Overall production fell 5.6% from a year ago, in part from natural field declines and maintenance.
Time for this thing to be over?  What about "counting every vote"?  Wasn't it Democrats who alleged that everyone's vote wasn't counted in 2000?  Is there a reason to override the will of the people in the rest of the states with primaries even tho neither candidate has sealed the nomination?  Hypocrisy!

then get out from under your rock.
I suppose it should have been worded better.  I was referring to [this](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/12/03/iran.nuclear/index.html)
Yep! I'm a blogger/designer, too, so I know there's a lot to think about.


holy shit that was good.
You might be overlooking the fact that there are loads and loads of people to whom nobody pays attention, but are already completely self-absorbed douchebags. I'm a perfect example.

I think there are simply loads of douchebags, and some of them rise to the blogging-popularity of Joel and Paul et al.
Who needs to protect the environment when there is OIL! 
Yeah I know, why?
Yup, that seals it.

Naked women? On Linux?
[deleted]
Sorry, reddit has decided that Hawaii should be "free" and you and I will be downmodded because we don't agree.  Our comments are not spam but they will be treated like spam because we are wrong and they are right. 

It seems like the FreeTibeters have invaded this thread as well.  Tibet should be "free" and so should Hawaii because of this.
Exactly! You've nailed it right at the spot!
Your life is going to be filled with disappointment.
Wow!!  Somebody else has a genital access pigeon suit!
What's a cinema? 
That's it.  Hand over your Internet license.
When I read the article, I thought that it was logical but still sort of a "conspiracy theory" long shot. However, [this NYTimes article](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/29/opinion/29herbert.html?_r=2) really laid it out for me.

Of course, we can't read Pastor Wright's mind, but it's apparent that he's on board for himself and his own agenda, not for Obama.
Here's why I think a lot of superdelegates are undecided:  Yes, Obama has the moneyraising power and the youth draw. That is huge. However, Hillary's wins and Obama's tightest margins came in states that might actually have a chance of going Democrat in  November. Most of Obama's blowouts came in states that won't go Democrat unless 60% of their population suddenly dies. http://politics.nytimes.com/election-guide/2008/results/demmap/index.html

Now, I would agree that if Hillary wins, less Obama supporters will turn out to vote for her in November than Hillary supporters would turn out to vote for Obama; but I am not sure a lot of the superdelegates see it that way.

The bottom line is that there's *no way* most of the remaining supers have made a firm choice. They know as well as we do how idiotic, perhaps suicidal, it is to drag this contest out.
how did that even happen
Oh shut up, Mario Kart is easily one of the least progressively developed games, I mean shit, they haven't even upgraded to real cars yet.
He is the Manchurian Candidate
That's not what "market economy" means.
That is a massive exaggeration. 

The point of using a computer as a learning tool is that you can use the internet to discover and discuss any aspect of human knowledge. 

You can read about gardening and crop production. You can debate world history or philosophy in an online forum. You can access great works of art and literature. You can use math tools, game or simulations to model the world and experiment with it. Or, you can spend the time experimenting with source code.

Of all the avenues a computer opens for learning about the world, maybe one of them is closed by not having access to the source of the software on the computer itself. And even then, there is plenty of free code and tools (e.g., python) that can be used on Windows to experiment with writing software. The only thing the kids can't do is actually mess with the operating system itself and potentially hose the computer.
Park it in front of the local highschool. 
yeah, but he's 'out of touch' with what the corporate media wants (scandals, mudslinging, etc)
Isn't this like buying supers?  
What's the GOP's policy on gays?

I'm not saying Iran is perfect (it's far from it), but I am saying they're doing a better job of being diplomatic and obeying international law than Hillary is.

And if this war should have shown Washington ONE thing, it's that the Middle East is a far more complicated proposition than just marching in there guns blazing.
Please elaborate.
Truly, getting back to nature. 
This isn't free - but I have not found anything better than this explanation of what the entire practice of meditation is about.  It also includes more meditation techniques than I have seen anywhere else.  It's changed my life. [http://www.anandagalleria.com/new/html/books-detail_1.aspx?id=B1&amp;Type=A](http://www.anandagalleria.com/new/html/books-detail_1.aspx?id=B1&amp;Type=A)
[deleted]
[deleted]
That sounds very awesome, but did they *really* just leave her on the line from first to second with a debilitating knee injury, screaming and crying in agony, while they deliberated over the rules of the situation? The coach just kind of yelling over there "Hey! Nobody touch her because then the run wont count! C'mon, you can do it, crawl over to the bases!"

Baseball just got way hardcore.
Reverse diabetics?
Are all of them there?  Or are there racially insensitive people everywhere?
Wow, nicely said!

See people, this is the perfect example of **internet speak** - you know what he/she is saying yet it is twisted into a short sweet metaphor of a sentence.
they got the balloon mortgage wrong.  what they're talking about is an ARM.  A balloon mortgage is one where you pay a small amount every month during your introductory period, and then when your intro period ends, you owe a huge check for the rest of your outstanding balance.  
It's a tragedy. It's a fucking tragedy.
Exactly. A bit of enlightenment, perhaps. 
Talk about a baby shower...
[deleted]
In general, in Haskell, `then` and `else` should be indented further to the right than the leading `if`. 

    myDrop n xs =
        if n &lt;= 0 || null xs
            then xs
            else myDrop (n - 1) (tail xs)

And tabs should always be expanded to spaces (use -Wtabs is a good idea).
how could it be the same??? Israel has the bomb, we have the bomb.  Iran has no bomb to "obliterate" the Zionist empire.  Is having bushes cock in your mouth making u happy at the office?  
The USA at the time was a collection of minor collonies itself.  But, for some reason, the warmongering had already taken root.
The implications of a 4th elementary passive circuit element is a pretty big deal.  If the device can be fabricated consistently and accurately, then it could give rise to many new applications in many different disciplines within EE.  Anything ranging from filter design, solid state electronic such as memory is the obvious one, but I think there could be analog applications such as new filters.  
[deleted]
Word.
According to the theory of property rights advocated by many supporters of the "free market", it is merely an example of owners exercising their property rights. If your boss decides to give your cubicle to someone else, or set your salary at $.01 a day, the only recourse you have is to leave.

However, I personally am not a believer in the primacy of property rights above all others.
[deleted]
Take the 8086; there are two encodings of a conditional jump:

        jz somewhere
    vs
        jnz t
        jmp somewhere
        t:

The second one is the only way to do a jump longer than 127 bytes, but it takes up more space, so you want to use the first version as much as possible. Unfortunately, if `somewhere` hasn't been assembled yet, we don't know what the distance will be.

The standard way (at least back then) was to assemble once assuming all jumps are long, then assemble again using conservative estimates from the first pass.
I'm sure you have some informative bumper stickers to offset your SUV ownership. 
6. The discoverer has worked in isolation.
7. The discoverer must propose new laws of nature to explain an observation. 

These "warning signs" describe how some of the most revolutionary paradigm shifts in physics occurred. Newton and Einstein anyone?
[That is irrelevant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overthrow_of_the_Hawaiian_Kingdom)

[deleted]
This is like being asked whether you want to be burned to death or frozen to death. While you might have a preference for one over the other, you're dead either way.

Seriously. I've really found myself screwed over more times than I can count by programmers who insist on "writing their own" when there are perfectly good components out there to do the job with a bit of hacking. And I certainly wouldn't want to work with somebody who prefers not to write code.

Hire neither.
[deleted]
[deleted]
you fags sure got told.
You should meet some actual fucking people in the real world
Cute.  But actually, you do make a good point.  The people we call native Hawaiians immigrated to the Islands only a few hundred years ago.  Do you suppose they will track down THOSE inhabitants and give them THEIR share?  Probably not...
Moissanite is an insult.
Good point, I knew that but messed up when typing the title.  Wish we had a feature to edit the title, with a history feature to keep people honest.

You mean schadenfreude?
[deleted]
While that is certainly true in some cases, it's a blanket statement and not totally accurate. The idea that standard of living is better now depends on which items you choose to measure that standard of living. E.g. if you're concerned with material goods, then, yes, it's improved; if you're concerned with healthcare, then I'm not so sure. One thing I hope we get out of this mess is a "back to basics" approach to life.
Then why don't they wear uniforms?
They actually do... Kind of...
My point being,If I were a terrorist, they would not deter me. Give it five minutes of thought and you can figure out how to Identify them on an airplane and neutralize them..
They are useful when some drunk is making an ass of himself, but not for much else.
Ickey Woods
[deleted]
At the time there was no unrest between the people who were living there, native or not. All those who lived there were allowed to vote and they voted to become a state. At the time, Hawaii was a territory with some amount of self governance by the natives. Those natives in command did not fight against statehood and by a large margin the natives supported it. Of course there were some natives who were unhappy, but the 17 to 1 margin is strong evidence against the theory that a majority were unhappy.  
not certain, but this sounds unconstitutional. States have authority over the election of electors
Oh, really.
So, you don't drive a car? I'm guessing you bike everywhere, and grow your own food, and this is one of those crank powered laptops they give to Africans? 
I think points \#4 and \#5 in the article below the video are ridiculous:

&gt;(4) Savings sufficient to pay all ordinary expenses for at least a year, including maintenance of the health insurance, in case of illness or job loss.
&gt;
&gt;(5) In addition, factor in a savings account strictly for the post secondary education of each child in the family.

Instead of \#4 people should have long term disability insurance, keep up with their skills, and be willing to relocate.  They should also live modestly in order to not need a lot in the event of a job loss.

\#5 is completely unnecessary.  It's ridiculous the way this country has gotten, that you have to have a college degree to be a store manager.  If we got off the higher education treadmill that the GI Bill put us on then millions of man years of resources would not be lost each year because people who don't need to be in college would be working.
I agree, but must add:

Have taste, don't support chains, *whenever possible*. 


I live in North Carolina and the endorsements received by Obama from Kentucky representatives had more air time than my own states governor. As for what methodology you used to compile coverage time, I'd love to see it and be proven wrong. 
Simple rule:

   * nested things indent further to the right.
   * statements at the same nesting have the same indenting.

We can look over the layout discussion, if that's catching people up.
"Since coming to America, I'm astounded by the number of people who don't have a passport."

Americans are notoriously poor travellers.  They just dont leave the country.
how do i get one of those?
I agree, it's a very nice book. I just want a pizza.
Duhhhhh judge much?
If half the whites voted for Obama, how does that make them racist?

Most of them probably voted based on the issues.

Most of the blacks probably voted based on skin color.
There was a mountain of incredibly damning circumstantial evidence.  People are convicted of murder on far less all the time.  The kind of slam-dunk perfect DNA match evidence you see in the movies is really quite rare.  This is how justice works.  The fact that the very first thing he did on the stand was perjure himself probably didn't help his case much either.
You hit it. The revolution has started with flowers. http://www.greenparty.ca/en/node/4440. We just need to keep feeding it, and it will grow.
"This is just a horrifying case," she said. "Someone who would do this to an animal is a short step away from doing this to a human being."

LOL! In my day we had a word for shooting animals with guns: hunting
Either that or he is storing nuts in his cheeks for winter.
I want one!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZrr7AZ9nCY
This is an intelligent and even-handed title. Good work.
And you can get a refill for 50 cents!
I'm not sure I've ever seen a wikipedia article with 3 neutrality flags before ... nice "evidence." 
http://www.whois.net/dnr/index.php?d=stockmarketcrash09&amp;tld=com

^^ Get it now.  Not taken.  Ride this bandwagon o'pointless all the way into the sunset.
Making a small car get good gas mileage? Not so hard. Making the average giant American car get good gas mileage? Now that requires serious technological innovation.

It's just like GM putting hybrid systems in all their vehicles (my favorite: the Escalade Hybrid). Maybe it's time we just built smaller, more efficient, and (often) safer cars?
You got his e-mail address?

Its highly likely that they *believe* in a god, but that doesnt mean they do, nor even so, that hes to blame for their abominable acts
[deleted]
What title would you have used?

Interestingly, on the lefty satellite radio station I listen to sometimes, they did focus on this, but mostly to question the governor's use of the word "pansy" and to speculate whether it would be offensive to homosexual men.

I'm pretty sure that it won't go much further though, because the MSM is not likely to pick up pansygate or they'll risk their conservative audience by defending gays.

But to answer your point - yes, it's interesting that Obama's are getting more attention, but I think it might be considered newsworthy since he lost Pennsylvania and is still pulling in the SDs. 
[deleted]
Hell, I can't even buy a six pack of good beer, and I drive to work 5 days a week!
Anybody who bought coffee from Starbucks should be executed already -- it'll be good for the economy and our species in general.
Isn't this a good thing? Violent criminals have found a way to vent themselves instead of doing it to real people?

Violent crimes defined by modern law existed before games on equal if not higher levels than they do today.

I'd say the drop is a blessing...
What about "don't pay anything for 1 year"?  
Reddit is full of these sites that predict gloom and doom. When the predictions fail to come true, you don't hear a peep about them again. Some other crap post pops up in its place. Voted down!
I'm looking for a economy car to replace the one that we have that is getting really old.  Problem with cars that are only a year or two old is that they really aren't that much cheaper than a new car, especially considering the incentives that you can often get from the mfg if you're paying cash or have great credit.  Getting the older car often offers less warranty protection, etc, as well.  I haven't really found it to be true that you save a lot by buying one or two years old.  ($12,000 for an xA isn't far from what they sold for new -- since that was the last year I can't compare to current prices, but Edmunds says that the TMV is between $10,300 and $10,900).
I'd go with debian too.
Stripped down to what you really need, yet easy to install other stuff with apt-get.
Also very simple to install... It's the first Linux Distro I installed and didn't had difficulties doing it... Very straightforward 
+ Ubuntu is based on it.
population control through destruction of reproductive capacity only works if you substantially reduce that capacity.   Very few husbands kill their wives, though islamic law does generally prohibit women from driving or going out uncovered--so the reduced death rate from auto accidents and skin cancer probably more than offsets the honor killing. 
In contrast, the Yankees are the number one baseball team at $1.3bil, well less than the 1.8bil of Man U

The Redskins (seriously?) are about the same at 1.246bil

The Knicks, Maple Leafs, and Roush Racing are somewhere about 1/2bil each as the rest of the tops in their sports.

http://www.forbes.com/lists/

I also find it incredible that the lowest ranked team across the 4 major sports lists (the Nashville Predators) still is worth 143 million.  Thats insane.
It is actually a plot by the pigeons to gain human sympathy. They are really wearing one of [these](http://www.partybox.co.uk/details.asp?product=4507).

And everyone is falling for it.
Your last statement is probably the most powerful I have seen in a while.


If you're looking for experience that will be most directly applicable to jobs then go with the RedHat/FedoraCore/CentOS route.

I'd also suggest playing around with various virtualization solutions such as VMWare, OpenVz, VirtualBox, etc.
[deleted]
It's better to have a little context as to why people are upset now.

Maybe the fact that people are fighting about it on wikipedia will give you *more* insight.
I just have an anecdote to report, but air time devoted to Obama endorsements (and coverage) is a lot more substantial IMO.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lemme get this straight.

I frequently see reddit submissions about the MSM ignoring real problems while it focuses on Britny Spears/Miley Cyrus/$RANDOM_BIMBO.

Yet this submission shoots up to number one, while a submission about 81 people being killed by deliberately tainted medicine goes [nowhere](http://reddit.com/goto?id=6hs79).

Right.


Yes, Harold &amp; Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay took place in New Jersey.
In other words:

OMFG Obama *orgasm*

F-U Clinton

McCain Sux!!!!ONE!!!!

UBUNTU

APPLE IPHONE MAC

WINDOWSUXXXXX

EXXON = DEVIL

GLOBAL WARMING = HELL ON EARTH

Seriously, Reddit has gone to the gutter. Shame, it **was** innovative.
I don't think that US Mexican relations are [historically](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican american war)

What?  Ever heard of California or Texas?

The entire South West of the continent is occupied territory from the wars of the 19th century.
w
strengthwisdomdetectenchant
Downmodded for transparent ignorance.
[deleted]
&gt; he pretty much appeared crazy and paranoid on the stand.

How many of us would appear serene and poised on the stand,  facing a skilled prosecutor whose job is to make you look bad,  and knowing that your life depended on it?

If looking crazy and paranoid is enough to convict someone of murder,  let's hope that no one in your entourage decides to disappear back to the ol' country...

EDIT: thinking about it, someone who is actually guity would be more likely to display a serene and poised attitude... On the other hand, if someone is really trying to frame you up, you'd have every reason to look paranoid...
Like those people need any encouragement.
[deleted]
Man, my reddit crush on you made me fall out my chair when I saw you responded.  

But then, I have always had a thing for unattainable men.  
He's a marine, not a navy seal you pansy.
I personally do. But we can't just ignore it. I'm all for calling out the media for spending too much time on this, but we should also be calling them out for inaccurate information at the same time.
I.  Did not.  Need that image.  In my HEAD.
You are doing it for the acceptance of other people?  Sure you're allowed to..
Oops. Should've read your reply before posting mine.
But yeah, I heard a lot about this endorsement that day as well.
Being drunk on their plan, they lifted up the sun
thanks.
Well, you can easily simulate Mueller-gates in your logic chains -- so software support isn't that much of an issue.

A lot of it is simply interfaces. External components expect synchronous interfaces. This ends up being a betamax vs. vhs type of issue, where the most popular selection wins simply because it is the most popular.

Also, it takes a fair amount of re-think on the part of the engineer to take good advantage of this technology. Without that, clocked designs are smaller, consume similar power, and are often not much faster.


It's ok, we have robot insurance from Mutual of Omaha.
I've often thought the same thing but with no scientific data to back it up.  Cool.  I like smaller ones... and smaller chicks in general.
In other words: Be afraid - Be very afraid.
Coffee snob.
A big-ass wallet
I've got to admit MS has made some good software. At one point Internet Exploder was the best browser for pre-OS X Macs (when IE5 for Mac first came out), and Word and Works were always dependable for classic Macs. Never did like their OSes, though I've had no experience with NT ...
Your evidence has 3 flags that suggest the article is full of shit ... nice evidence. 
Mother fuckers stole the goddamn sun!
*shudder*
and where it does refer to equal work, there is still a lack of equal pay.

Unfortunately too many organizations cite all the data of "median incomes."  Ultimately this undermines their argument (which actually has strong evidence...though not as profound).

The fact is there is a societal underappreciation and gender segregation  of home-based occupations as well as a disparity in pay between men and women in outside-of-home occupations. There is a clear necessity for a more egalitarian attitude and policy... unfortunately, the logicless use the weaknesses in a stretched-thin-but still-accurate argument to play on people's ignorance and misogyny.
So, I guess the real question is: Is this a case product tampering/sabotage or is it a case of counterfeiting?
* Mortgages suck out people's souls
[deleted]
I would have said nothing if the blog was ad-free. But Ads + Remashing other people content, without adding any new technical explanation or any creative stuff + submission to reddit = blogspam for me. Seriously, what's the value of this post? "Summarizing"? I call that stealing attention deserved to the original author, for personnal profit.
What makes you think he owns his property? Your ownership of property is a fiat promise, only as good as the government that enforces your claim. These things giveth and they taketh away.
David Eggers is Postmodern in that he has been heavily effected by it.  This is actually called postmodernity rather than post-modernism (kind of annoying eh?).  Postmodernity is the part of mainstream culture that has been effected by postmodernism.
that is not true, I've seen people on their multiple times.  One guy played twice and his combined earnings was like $6
Free Hawaii?  I'll take three!
It's a spoiler for several films.
There have always been good reasons to go green but they're made a lot better when we find ways like these to make green cheaper.
heh. Yeah. Thanks.
The way I see it, user pays in both cases. When he doesn't pay for upgrade, he pays by displaying your advertisement (branding your image host) and that can bring new users, some of them may purchase the upgrade.
Jesus would have stronger words for this hypocrite who enjoys the benefits of American wealth but does not respect  the sacrifice of those who selflessly defend it.
It looks like people still do. According to the article, revenue INCREASED by 12%, which suggests that people are buying MORE of their $4 coffee. The fact that the profits declined is most likely because Starbucks have kept their prices constant while the cost of the supplies have shot through the roof.
If by snob you mean "one who enjoys good coffee and frowns on bad coffee" then I agree

Wright was held up by Obama as his spritural mentor, his moral compass.....this tells the voters alot about the man and his judgement (or lack there of).

Combine this with public backing by Hamas, Black Panthers, and Hugo Chavez a definite pattern emerges.
a she-gay probably isn't going to catch on either.
[deleted]
&gt;Why is the government to stay out of your business but not that of hookers and clients? 

If I break the law, I fully expect the gov to be all up in my business.  But I don't.
Doesn't matter. He needs endorsements from stupid people. If you haven't noticed, the idiots rule the village now. He needs Nascar, Fox News and the WWE. I think that he would have more success in this election if he just became a walmart greeter. 

And you know she's gaining in the polls?

http://www.boston.com/news/politics/politicalintelligence/2008/05/polls_hint_at_c.html

I know. What grinches some people are, sheesh.
That can't be pedobear, she is waaay TOO OLD.
On Brazilian media sometimes you can see the term "estadunidense" instead of "americanos". That's because in portuguese USA is EUA (Estados Unidos da America). I've seen in other languages also, but don't remember.

Anyway, I was just trolling :D   If you think about it, both sides of the argument are kind of right. (IMO)
Do you think the masses are going to start seeing the Wright thing as an intentional distraction?
To concede your point further, the Articles of Confederation were eternal as well.  It's more of a statement of what will be attempted, even at great costs (civil war - 620k dead), than a certainty.  
This may well be a useful device, but in no way is it equivalent to the resistor, capacitor, and inductor. In fact, the resistor, capacitor, and inductor represent all possible linear circuit components. 

The memristor is an example of a nonlinear circuit component, of which there are many other examples. Hell, there are like 10 different types of diodes alone. 

This device appears to be similar to a varistor or a varactor in that it can be viewed as a small-signal linear device whose characteristics can be controlled by the large component of the signal. And of course, there are plenty of other devices with hysteresis, including ferrite core inductors, not to mention core memory (a magnetic RAM technology) of which this appears to be a nanoscale equivalent.
*[WALNUTS!!1](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X8dLXvqu8k)* for president!
Probably because people post things like this in the Programming reddit.
Is there any other product whose manufacturers get sued when the product works properly and is properly labeled?

As to distribution, I'm sure there are a few gun stores that sell to known criminals, but that's not the manufacturers' fault.


I enjoy your reductionist take on it.I would love to hear your review of all sorts of products and art.

"blah blah blah, his only son gave his life to save us, bitch bitch bitch, moan moan, do good deeds"

"verse chorus verse, some about a seargeant, stupid lyrics they wrote on the reefer, blah blah, guitar noodling"

"same ole shit, just some broad sitting there with a stupid smirk with stupid mountains and dumbass stuff like that"

"ahh you know, yadda yadda yadda, government cant tell you to shut up, and you can own guns to shoot other dumbasses, and the government can't come into your home, not like they would, cause it's probably boring and full of gay shit"
As a puritan I would like Massachusetts bay colony returned to those that rightfully stole it from the Indians.
Ah. Somehow I think its unlikely. Academics make findings and give lectures all the time. I've seen it.
the masses? no.

sigh.
This USED to be Ron Paul's official campaign site until the Obamites took over..
There really is no use to try and find the P90X promo code. They only come out every once in awhile. Instead of wasting a lot of time trying to find it you can go and buy one at a discounted price through wholesalers. The price from the company with shipping is $140. The wholesalers sell them for about $100-$120 with shipping depending on where you live. If you get the P90X chin up bar with it you will be able to save even more money through the wholesalers.
"memrist**o**rs"
Proof that those jail stats from last week were all about jailing dumb people so finally they can be productive to society as a private-jail corp. pawn.

And for a record co. no less!. that just brought it to a new level of dumb.
Ready on day one to obliterate those women and children!
[deleted]
You mean, contrary to popular Reddit belief, most people really are quite sane about how they spend their money?

No wai!
I'm nearly right there with ya; I'll still hit mom&amp;pop operations that have a couple or three locations in a small area.

Not only are you supporting your local economy, you're getting a much much better product.  One that hasn't been made by an assembly line to exacting specifications.  Maybe your burger isn't perfectly round, maybe your coffee is a little stronger one day than the next, but that's the joy of it.  

Someone made it, and they didn't have a little sheet of paper telling them what the tolerances are for the product.  No R&amp;D department telling them exactly what hue the coffee should be, or exactly how many seconds the pizza should be cooked.  Just someone (or someones) with some skill at actually preparing food, and a proper kitchen.
Fundie - I was thinking of a totally different thing.
no, that is exactly what the article is claiming. they have receptors in the retina that are sensitive to the earth's magnetic field. read it again. 
omg that's fucking hilarious.  nice work
Obviously thats the theoretical maximum. The "ultra-portable" ibook is not getting 4.5 hours of life either.

The hot swapable battery \*omg\* that replaces the disk drive is said to boost the battery life "over 12 hours."
[deleted]
There is a paradox with what you are saying and the innocent until proven guilty legal system.
Come on stupids, figure it out. It's the only ultraportable that comes with OSX. That is enough reason to buy it (and it's why I'm liking it a lot better than my old dell ultraportable).
How the hell does a Pelican get stuck in a tree? THEY CAN FLY. JUST FLY OUT OF THERE YOU STUPID PELICAN
I do know, however, that she spent 30 seconds staring at it like a Chimpanzee, going "WHUR DUR COFFEE"
[deleted]
I lol'd
I am a hunter and I personally must fight the constant urge to shoot people.
feck.
You are right.  I'm a pussy for caring about babies.  A true man such as yourself doesn't care. 
I hear they're suing the pants off people who admit to movie piracy on social news sites.
This could just be Mr Plastic Surgeon riding on the publicity? Fingers have grown back before. And we do have the genetic code for it... hell we were always told blind people couldn't have electronics to see... but look at recent advancements. :)
That went over your bean sized head.
I think he could have used you a month ago.
You're mixing your arguments.  The example you gave was of two vehicles of equal mass, yet you now talk about having more mass.  Sure, more mass wins, but with equal mass, less is better.  

Perhaps with less mass the truck could have stopped in time to avoid the whole mess.
They used to call her [Katie Fey](http://www.freehostedpics.com/hosted/cam02/katie/u05u/katie-fey-15.jpg) or something like that.  Used to do her own site, but now I think all she does is Met-Art.  One of my personal favorites.
The only person having sex with a 14 or 15 year old should be another 14 or 15 year old.
[deleted]
Any prohibitions on Japan's military come from Japan. 

Japan has had a Self Defense Force since the mid-1950s and has been buying U.S. arms since  that time.

The only prohibitions on U.S. weapons purchases come from the U.S. government. There are certain weapons systems that they don't like to sell, even to allies. 

But of course, companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin and Raytheon and General Dynamics don't like those prohibitions and lobby heavily against them.

Thanks to such lobbying, Japan is the proud owner of several Aegis combat systems-equipped warships and is on the verge of acquiring the [F-22 Raptor](http://www.aviationweek.com/aw/generic/story_channel.jsp?channel=defense&amp;id=news/aw042307p2.xml) fighter-bomber.
i especially like the warning on the discussion page:
"Discussions on this page may escalate into heated debate. Please try to keep a cool head when commenting here. See also: Wikipedia:Etiquette."
Hey first off I wasn't on that job, second I'm a warmongering former colonialist Brit thank you very much. I just live here and honestly I don't care who gets in. They let me in god help them. I only got into this to point out that Canada is a sovereign nation and not just the part of the US where they say Eh? all the time and drink beer in the snow.
Her name is *Britney Spears*
angryJoel on software :)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Conflict of interest. Less people would need plastic surgery. Also, I would want the story reviewed by a biologist or dermatologist specializing in skin regeneration, not a plastic surgeon. He's right, though. It is junk science if they haven't proven it. But they never claimed it to be real science.
No no, I'm sure we weren't sucked in *this* time.  His skepticism seems pretty poorly supported actually...looking at photos and simply concluding we're just not smart enough to accomplish what was claimed seems just a *tad* short on rigor.
Bush does a double take and enslaves all the minorities for their protection. 
Hey, there are plenty of good American beers!  Ever heard of Natural Ice?
wtf is a detergent suicide?  why can't people just jump off buildings any more?
Which makes it oh-so-perfect for reddit.
18 people inhabited hawaii in 1959?
[deleted]
I'm around 30-50% Hawaiian and the locals (white, Japanese and natives alike) all have a kind of snarky attitude when I've been there. They provide tourist services and sell tourist goods but it's almost like they resent you for being there. 

Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of cool people there but it's one of the few states I've been to with that sort of feeling.
And then giving them cell phones...
It's an article that antagonizes *the land of the free*, what did you expect?

Some justification for lawful annexation - to support the illusion of moral superiority, that allows the US to *spread democracy* and *lead the free world*?

...Did you find it? rats
Wal-Mart shouldn't give Debbie a cent. The only reason the agreed to anything is because of all the cry-babies in the media. If you actually read the entire story of what happened, Debbie sued a third party and collected from that lawsuit. Her policy, that she signed, states that walmart has the right to its money back should someone collect money from a lawsuit. 

(There is nothing wrong with that!)

Don't give me any bullshit about how walmart should pay debbie just because they have so much money sitting around. Bill Gates has a couple billion to spare, should the courts force him to give some of that to debbie? No!  that would make just as much sense as forcing walmart to give debbie money just because they have so much.
[deleted]
I think it depends on where your tipping point is from "learning" to flat-out masochism.  That is, there are distros out there that will force you to learn a lot, but learning how to use them right off the bat might be too much pain for your taste.

So, with that in mind, here are my recommendations.  If you want quick and easy rewards, but less learning, go with Ubuntu.  There's a helpful community, and it'll get you going quickly.  If you want to dig in deeper to start out, try something in the range of Debian or Fedora (I prefer Debian, in this category).  But then, if you're a fast learner, are willing to work hard to figure out how to do "simple" things, go with ArchLinux or Gentoo.  They'll make you want to stab yourself in the eye sometimes, but if you can get through that, you'll have a really good understanding of what goes on under the hood of a linux system.

I currently use Gentoo, and it takes me a long time to get things set up the way I like them, but I learn a ton in the process.

edit: Also, Gentoo and ArchLinux will give you easier access to the bleeding edge stuff that's out there, but they have the potential to be less stable.  The other distros I mentioned (especially Debian) are rock solid stable, but less up to date with newer features.
Imagine his name on official documents. Gay, John. 

I was skimming a Gay family tree once for the hell of it, and one of them was, "Gay, D.P." Now that is not a well thought-out name. 
I never said it was a part of the Union for a century, I said it has been occupied by the US for over a century.  
[deleted]
I disagree with this philosophy. As a good capitalist, I buy coffee wherever I get the best product for the money. I used to live around the corner from an independent cafe that was dirty and served disgusting coffee with poor service. All the local hipsters loved it and hated Starbucks. Now, if they spend enough money there and they open a 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 100th location then what have they proven? This is pretty much how Starbucks started.
I have only seen the image shackbandwidth exceeded message never an image.

I will never use Image Shack.

Sticking with Flickr.
Not necessarily -- you could buy one sucky but expensive hardback, sell it, and buy several useful paperbacks (e.g. foreign editions).

That said, I would suggest Cormen, Leiserson, and Rivest's "Introduction to Algorithms."  It's one of a very few CS textbooks that I've used outside the course I bought it for.  "Algorithms" by Sanjoy Dasgupta is also excellent.

If you don't need those, buy Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States."  It's not about CS, but it will teach you more than most CS books.
I've noticed the same about people who never go to Starbucks. (Including me!)
Hmm... I dig that idea. 
I see what they're doing there.
Additionally, McDonald's is gearing up to sell 'premium coffee' at a large number of stores in the states and abroad.

Laugh all you like but there are more McDonald's in the world than Starbucks by a large margin. It has been said for a long time that SB over-saturated their market. There's only so much grande mocha frappachino the world needs.
Yeah... I guess you can usually see a bit better at 70 mph because you are a little further behind.  But it depends on what traffic is like as well.
Wouldn't it be a whole lot cheaper to pay a middle school student to mow your lawn then to buy this thing?
No, SUVs will be the new affordable housing.  Mall parking lots have plenty of room to house millions in new SUV slums.  The Malls are going under too, so why not?

Kind of like shantytowns but instead of living in tents people live in SUVs.  Instead of calling them Hoovervilles they'll be called Bushtowns.
Of course taxes don't reduce taxable income, but what does that have to do with anything? I never used the word "overhead."

The point is, if corporate income taxes go up, companies make less money, just like if if your personal income taxes go up, you make less money. Raising prices is a natural and obvious response to making less money. (There are other things they could do, of course, such as cutting expenses by laying off a bunch of people.) 

So even if all oil companies raised their prices after a larger tax were imposed, it would prove nothing about collusion among them, any more than it would prove collusion if they raised prices when one of their other industry-wide expenses went up.
HRG!
I agree - thoughts are *not* reality.  Therefore negativing thinking is not reality.  And "positive" thinking is also not reality.  Of course, until all thinking is dissolved, it is a good practice to stop thinking negative thoughts, and that can inherently create good thoughts - a change in perspective.  But, in the end, if one succeeds in their meditative/spiritual path - there will not be any thoughts (i.e. mental chatter) to be interpreted as either positive or negative.  
No you wouldn't.

I'll bet if you bought a motorcycle or a dirt bike and drove it around during good weather, your costs would break even with those of a car.

Is it ironic that the site doesn't have a feed?
[Full Interview](http://www.jambase.com/Articles/9391/LONE-WOLF-HANGIN'-WITH-STEVE-BERLIN/0), which has nothing to do with Simon, is also pretty cool.
Proof that those jail stats from last week were all about jailing dumb people so finally they can be productive to society as a private-jail corp. pawn.

And for a record co. no less!. that just brought it to a new level of dumb.
The U.S. in Iraq?
Yeah, his name is Jose.
It'd take more than $20k to make me want to jump ship from where I am now.

I'm not a Great Programmer, but I doubt all of the greats think completely differently.
[deleted]
That's not what the article said. It says profits fell, but revenues were up. So, it's not customers staying away, it's rising costs.

[Did no-one actually read TFA?](http://www.textbookleague.org/103feyn.htm)
I can't find anything relevant and yet this got 102 upvotes? I feel left out. 
Valve has not banned anyone for using the unlock achievement console command.  My friends and I all used it; the unlocks are gone now, though.
&gt;Some are more efficiently delivered by a public service - defense, roads, health, education.

We don't have a free market in any of these areas.  By having government involvement in any of these areas it gives the provider the incentive to maximize the cost to the consumer instead of minimize it as in the free market.

Take US healthcare.  The problems with the system are blamed on "the free market run amok" but what we have isn't even close to being a free market.  If a doctor decides to take in patients with Medicare then he/she is forced to charge a minimum amount to all other patients.  Furthermore, the gov't pays 30 cents on the dollar for Medicare payments.  So what that means is that instead of charging $30 for a doctors visit, the doctor simply charges $100 so he can collect the full market value and then passes that extra cost onto his other patients that aren't covered by Medicare.

The free market is good in that it actually produces goods and services of value.  The government produces nothing; it simply takes from those that are actually productive and redistributes it to those it deems worthy (worthy often means those groups that will deliver the most votes to a politician or his/her party).

Edit - I love the downmodding instead of discourse
As long as they don't have to fight off their fellow Soldiers/Marines/Sailors/Airmen.
Survival for the sake of something better than survival?  Do you really believe that?  Sounds like you're buying into some form of meaning or purpose there--a sort of mission.  If so, you don't live by what you say you live.

Good and evil are not fully explained by the evolutionary model--they cannot be touched, since qualifying what is good or evil cannot be done with the assumptions that there is no free will, no purposes, no goal-directed forces of any kind, and that essentially I'm a mere product of machinery.

Free will is an easy one.  I will now type a particular word: PURPOSE.  See?  Not too difficult.  Did I HAVE to do that?  You are forced to say that I did if you really buy the evolutionary model.

I'm a designer.  I have a free will, albeit a will that is not perfect and often self-conflicted.  That doesn't mean I cannot exert my will according to my own thoughts and that I'm therefore not responsible for my actions.  I take responsibility for my actions.  The things I design have purpose that is not imaginary--they accomplish the tasks of their user's wills and my design.  The purpose of my eyes is to see, much as the purpose of my widgets is to sell and satisfy users.  This is no illusion--it's obvious.  But there's no room for such obvious purpose and will within the evolutionary model, just as the esteemed Provine was quoted above.  You can believe whatever you wish--well, YOU can't--but I suppose I can.  I think I have the more free position.

Tell me.  Does evil bother you?  If so, why?  Survival of the fittest can be rather savage.
Having a long live-in date with an older woman who knows what she's doing, MILF in fact, = gay

hmmm, sounds logical to me.
[deleted]
Not to mention it's not by IBM (in the article).
Think Non-thinking.
[deleted]
This must be the very specialized market you are talking about.  
Thank goodness I live in California. We have a fighting chance economically speaking.
[deleted]
Do you have the formula for viagra?  No?  Okay, then.
I agree that this was a great idea, but to receive 1-2 arrangements per week would just start to get old.
I should think there are a lot of people in the world who are quite OK with that. 
[deleted]
+1 for Safari
&gt;Why can't consenting adults do what the fuck they want?

In principal, they should be able too.  In reality though, actions like picking up a hooker have far reaching consequences.  Look at Thailand: that country is a shithole with 10% of women prostitutes.  

I'm not say prostitution is the *cause* of the problems there, but it causes *other* problems.

Cocaine is another good example: in principal, you should be able to snort cocaine if you want.  It's your damn body, ruin it if you like.  In reality though, cocaine use generally causes you to screw up *other* people too, which I hope is the general idea behind it's illegality.  

Finally, prostitution, no matter how legal or allowed, will always degrade women.  Pornography does this too, but usually pornography degrades women emotionally or mentally (in the way they view themselves).  Prostitution, unlike pornography, degrades women *physically, mentally, and emotionally* as well as allowing easy spread of STDs though that medium.  If you actually care about the welfare of women, you will never really want prostitution legal.  It screws women over.
Probably not for most people in the hospital.
[deleted]
It's certainly setting up a system of rewards for desired behavior...

I still prefer this over big companies donating the money.  At least politicians owe "the people" or "the internet" or "Obama's people".

Your opinion, but I believe my logic is sound and reasonable from my Economics background.  Liberal tree humper might be a touch strong, but it is what all my friends call me.

We can take the "excessive amounts of resources" argument to the nth degree, (ie you ride a 70 mpg motorcycle 5 miles to work, unreasonable - you should bike instead.)  Rather than ponder my cutoff, for many things I allow pricing to make my decision while supporting better governmental policies to encourage me making even better decisions.

For example I would rather live a mile from work and bike or walk, but real estate is prohibitively expensive for various reasons relating to community building covenants.  Instead of overextending myself with an adjustable rate loan, I bought as close as possible with a reasonable price (10 mi away).  Instead I could have gone 30 mi away and gotten twice the house for the same price but I didn't for various reasons.

Oil is only as a critical resource as we price it.  And right now it isn't priced as critically as it should be.  Stupid governmental policies allow it to be pumped out of the ground without taxing its withdraw at a rate commensurate with the externalities involved.
&gt;&gt; But wouldn't it be more fair to experiment on ourselves

&gt; Parents would bitch that their children are learning something non-standard 

Interesting that you interpret "ourselves" as meaning "other people's children".
that snake will need to go into care now.
I think they're also expanding quite a bit into the supermarket, er, market. Once a month I hear about some new product they've got on sale at the local Kroger or Walmart or what have you.
Kind of like rolling lots of balls at bowling pins... its not too hard to miss. :) Oh, and to clarify, I am at a clay shooting club in the UK at least once a month.
I agree. The Iranian people are good people who like the American public don't want war. But also like America they are lead by a mad man who's actions and motives have no basis in logic
Definitely a woman of the people.  Not elitist at all.  No sir.
Yeah get this lol...

A friend told me that at Subway they count out the pieces of cheese on your sandwich.

I shit you not!
&gt; It takes nothing more than an elementary understanding of economics to see the problems.

Yes, I would describe the economic understanding of most people who use this argument as elementary.

There is (or should be) more to economics than determining what system creates the fastest expansion.  We are currently expanding at a rate that will burn the planet out within a century, while poverty just keeps growing.

No, you can't make everyone rich by raising the minimum wage to $200/hour, but that doesn't prove anything.

If the minimum wage increases too far we loose jobs, but that might not be such a bad thing.  There is no shortage of minimum wage work to be had.  That is why we have so much illegal immigration.
This thread was never about florists... it is about Helen Thomas.

Sending flowers is a positive thing.

Yea, someone will gain - to a positive end, without making "Too" much money.

Corporatism is okay, so long as you abide by the laws of the land and refuse to take advantage of the very people who built your corporation.

This is what corporate America should be... making money without taking advantage or harming the people.

It's cool to make a profit, but be honest about it. That's all I'm saying.

Or even better: Have taste, don't support bad businesses.

I've been to some terrible indie places and I've been to some good chains. I support businesses that do a good job. If all things are equal, I'll definitely support the local guy, but I won't suffer for local. 
Fly, lil pelican!
Do you live Hawaii by chance?
Interesting.  I read that site every day.  His own conclusion was that the polling data was too old and it is to early to tell to say who would beat McCain.
[deleted]
that is true--I think they'd much rather talk about Rev. Wright than what to do about Iraq, health care, or the economy
Especially considering that they wanted all that heroin flowing out of the country once again so that the international financial system can benefit from the proceeds.
&gt; Imagine if they did, and discontinued Macintosh support for the CS3 series? All of a sudden all those people who buy macs because they think Adobe products work best on it are suddenly forced to switch to Microsoft based machines.

This would probably be a bit of an antitrust nightmare.
I heard Starbucks buys the cheapest beans on the market and roasts them darker so you can't tell they're junk. That's why their straight coffee tastes so bitter.

I drink [Bridgehead](http://www.bridgehead.ca/) (local chain, fair-trade, shade-grown organic)  and their coffee is *light-years* better than Starbucks. Maybe it's their organic cream, but I need half the sugar and cream that I need with Starbucks.
The real question is can it be elevated to anything OTHER than that?
"Need"?  No.  But there is an old and delicate art to making espresso drinks that *is* worth what you pay for it.  However, Starbucks machine-pulls all their shots and none of their baristas have a clue what they're doing as far as far as coffee goes, so they've never been justified in what they charge.   Oh, and their coffee really sucks.

You must be hanging with the wrong crowd - nobody I know wants this stupid war..  and they never did.
woopdefukin doo
[deleted]
I don't know about you but my income is up a kajillion percent from $0.00/hr to $5.15/hr
and a plan for a NEW record co!. don't forget.

Those stupid RIAA execs take note...
[deleted]
Yeah, the people who don't need to worry about gas prices or resale value.
*My* google has:
[link](http://www.icdri.org/Children%20%20and%20Parent%20Resources/Being%20%20Molly.htm)
Yes. 
apathy, I don't think you're about what you say you're about.

And, that pathetic kid cracked me up.

Also, my husband very offensively/humorously mentions McCain's neck boil as a shoo-in for McCain's VP choice.
...This has been a test to see just how many people who upvote stories, actually read them...
$4 is definitely not the upper limit.  Google: Peak Oil.
Arrghh! our cultural influence is slipping! We need to build more temples!
And you know it is too late?
[deleted]
Right? This is just one of many, and I'm still here. 
I always wonder why there is all this ire for SUV drivers...but large lux car drivers and sports car get off scott free, when many of these cars a gas guzzlers just the same.  A BMW 760 gets an (EPA est) 16mpg....and a Mercedes SLR gets (EPA est) 13mpg.  A Lexus GX gets 15mpg.......Are you going to judge the sports car driver as an idiot too?
I never said to buy your coffee (or anything else) at a sub par establishment.  I think that common sense would dictate that.  What I am proposing is helping out your local economy as much as possible.  

Fuck local hipsters, anyhow.  



Apple are aware of you, and the legions like you.
This is a great idea if you can see yourself working as a (hiring) manager in a large IT company with international concerns.
i also agree that i would prefer top minds to be the ones in the jury. i wasn't attacking your statement specifically. hell, i even laugh when i hear others joke about it. i guess i was just ranting on the general mentality that not being able to "get out of" jury duty equates a lack of intelligence, when i see that all this equates to is dishonesty.
xkcd keeps getting worse


I go to the movies, not the cinema.
You've gotta fight for your right to Lesbos.
I would have had 1/4 more of my pay check to save if social security didn't exist at all, which would allow me not to depend on social security.
i just told you never trust the robots! 
&gt;Do you at least agree that he failed to dissociate himself from these newsletters, and that this in itself is disgraceful?

Yes. It is by far the largest argument *against* letting him win the presidency. I think defense of the newsletters themselves doesn't take place very often. What does happen is that most would say it was a colossal mistake to listen to Rockwell and Rothbard, and allow the letters to fall on his shoulders after he found out about them. 

I bet most people don't know the real story here, so I'll fill you in on a secret that travels among the inner circle of Libertarians. One they probably prefer wasn't told, but here it is anyway. See, it is common knowledge what happened here, but there is no proof in absence of Paul pointing a finger.

What happened here, and this is very, very bad in itself, is the letters were penned alternately by Austrian economics hero Murray Rothbard, and one of Paul's oldest acquaintances, Lew Rockwell. Rothbard was the catalyst. He felt that uniting the Paleoconservitives, the libertarians, and the white power faction would make a voting bloc that would have to be reckoned with. A solid 17% of the population or so, in the early 90's. Rothbard himself was a Jew, but he felt that aligning with the white power faction would help the economy in the long run. Obviously, not a great idea. Paul found out about them, and put an end to the letters after 6 months. As a side note, he did not remove them totally from his life, and the same idea was resurrected in 1992 (the LA riots paper), and at that point Paul literally dropped out of Libertarianism in disgust for years, and politics totally until the end of the 90's. What didn't happen is him pointing a finger at one of the most well known Austrian economists of all time, and a person who in all rights were it not politicized should have a Nobel prize solely on legitimate contributions to economic theory, Rothbard. He feels that it would far more damaging for Rothbard to take blame for this, than himself. Right or wrong, I can see the logic there. I personally feel he should have outed Rothbard and Rockwell during his presidential campaign, with proof. Perhaps he is right though, wouldn't have won regardless, and in the process damaged the entire theory of Austrian economics because of a bad judgment call by one among it's top 5 proponents ever.

So to answer this ...

&gt;Do you at least agree that he failed to dissociate himself from these newsletters, and that this in itself is disgraceful?

I say yes. I understand why it happened. Not outing a person for writing this with the idea that the world is better off, and the idea of freedom for all will suffer for it was not a great way to handle this. Injustice should be attacked wherever it is. Even if it was a bad political ploy by the leading Austrian economist of the late 20th century, and the best known "Libertarian" of all time.

Those two numbskulls really fucked things up. Paul cut his own throat thinking he was advancing the cause of freedom for all (including blacks who he champions often), by throwing himself on the sword over this, again,  but I disagree with him here.

It is 2008. Ron Paul was more important and relevant than Rothbard ever was. Bad move, bad reasons.
Honest question: Why?

Everybody I know that has wanted one has changed their minds as soon as they realized how many ports and things they'd have to give up. It just doesn't seem practical to me, and I honestly don't even find it all that sexy.
Well strictly speaking there are a few people who would argue that the whole continent is occupied territory. Any Mayans or Aztecs out there? How about some Cherokees or Sioux or Apache just to name a few.
Earth is 6000 years old (hehehe), religion is stupid, everyone of every faith is irrational and the source of all the world's problems, Dawkins, Thor, yadda yadda.

R I DOIGN DIS RITE?!?!
&gt; Without freedom to change the software for a course, the teacher becomes a a dumb common carrier of material

What does the operating system have to do with a teacher composing a lesson plan for their class? Anything you could teach on Linux you could teach on Windows or any other OS.

I don't see how a teacher composing a math or geography lesson is going to be neutered by not having source to their wireless driver.
It's OK, I already love Milla Jovovich, so that's covered.
I wouldn't want any of this junk!
I actually laughed at that.
Doesn't a pocket HDTV defeat the point?
A big ass-wallet.
who actually sat there and watched this crap when daily show is on
I can't disagree with you on the former two, because it's true - on Reddit, and in most American's minds...  and there are stats to prove it.
weird
wtd does that even mean? how do you compare released gases, to obatining calories?
Before that Hawaii was a series of tribes that would wage war against each other. These tribes had leaders and the like.
[deleted]
I was just at an Obama rally in Bloomington where 12,000 people waited probably 3 hours to see the man speak. So I'm not too sure about these numbers.
Your argument is just as asinine. There are vast differences between Hawaii and Tibet.
I know what you mean, but remember that people in cafes are satisfying needs other than coffee needs.

Cafes are social and fun, which is the real reason people chill there.
That's strange, I usually see soccer moms in them more often than not...
Words are cheap, I don't do "bumper sticker politics".  But I am neither embarrassed nor proud of my SUV.  It is merely a transportation tool.  I am embarrassed by other SUV owners I hear bitching about the price of gas and how we should "nuke Iraq" into a glass pit.
[deleted]
Gran TurisMario isn't due out until 2010.  Wait for it.
Entirely agreed.  As I said, if you'd read what I wrote, there's collusion between the MSM and the White House - Clinton was the first serious offender.

Until there is a news agency in the US that is not accountable to the White House (that cannot be punished by seeing its access restricted), the White House will effectively have a stranglehold over interviews.  What I do not understand is how this state of favoritism, which seems quite easy to slip into, hasn't happened in other countries.
You can be more optimistic than this. "Switching" speed in neurons is orders of mangnitude slower then in transistors, so the equivalence will happen a lot sooner.
Yea, but $1.58 is really far from $4. That would be like talking about $10 gas when it's really only $3.75. 
&gt; In sum, equal pay for equal work should specifically refer to equal work.

I've seen many people argue on Reddit that since salaried men volunteer to stay overtime more often, for example, they deserve their higher pay (this is what "opt out" means, btw - women choose not to undertake extra work hours). So essentially, you have an official job description that's the same for both men and women, but unofficially, the men are being made to work harder. The only winner in this scenario is the employer, who gets out of having to hire more people to do the work that clearly needs doing. Very discriminatory. 
 
How so? If anything, I'd say it's the opposite. Constant monitoring of everyone in public would seem to imply the assumption that they are indeed likely to do something illegal, so we'd better start watching them right now regardless of their innocence. After all, they might be guilty in the future!
damnit i need to stop following this election i just read that as "mutual of obama" crazy long legged macdaddy pimpin robot insurance...skeet skeet 
That's better than the "best-of" that we're commenting on.
What?!  This isn't about Miley Cyrus!  DOWNMOD!
this is the article discussing the robocalls and voter suppression:
http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2008/04/nonprofit_womens_voices_women.php

Nothing says anything about them lying about where or when to vote OR that anyone is associated with the clinton campaign.  In fact, the word "Clinton" does not even appear in this article.
[deleted]
Our thoughts are the equivalent of bizarre, massive spaghetti code written by a schizophrenic. It's like encryption.
Even as a virgin the benefits are pretty obvious.  I think the benefits outweigh the risks.  On the risk side there is the emotional baggage that sometimes comes with sex, possibility of disease, unwanted babies.  On the plus side there is physical pleasure, bonding/intimacy, and children.  If you are just fucking the only benefit I see is physical pleasure.  

I'm not frustrated about not having sex.  I am frustrated that I don't get enough chance to meet new women.  I'm in a job where I see the same people all the time, I don't have school any more as a place to meet women, and the bar scene holds no appeal.  I could try the online thing, but it seems desperate to me.  I get the random drunk chicks hitting on me and offers from people who are looking for a FWB, but the women I know (that I'm attracted to) who want relationships are already in them.
Shacking up with a gay icon like Cher must have made all his queer buddies green with envy.
Better than covering the wright for millionth time...
Well, that's the difference between a democracy and a democratic republic. A democratic republic is supposed to safe guard the people again the government, and the passion of mobs, meaning 51% of the people can't shut up the othe 49%, or take their shit or the like. 

Oddly enough, there's no bill of rights of economics. Hardly anything is free from the market. I'm libertarian, but this makes me curious, what should be free from the market?
"Manny, look at the pelican fly!  Come on, pelican!"

-Scarface
It's still pretty horrible, and I think a mistake was made. The man was clearly no threat to anybody, and his six children now have a reason for hating Israel. 
I find it amazing that you used "their" for all three homophones. I gotta get a screenshot of this.
Announcemnt:  We are. Seems we are the world police, whether the world or even the US citizens think we should be.  Welcome to the rise and fall of another empire.  Ever hear of the British empire?  

Sorry if your not happy with it, but we got the bombs.  Don't worry, we're imploding on ourselves right now.  Stand by for the next global power that everyone will hate.
I want to break in his house and rob him blind.
The only ultra portable that runs OSX *legally*.

(and doesn't ultraportable seem not quite the right term d'art?  I mean it is easy enough to move around, but it isn't what I'd call particularly handy to carry or use on the go like the more folio/trade paper form factor ones.)
You're never to rich to enjoy a free turkey dog
That is fabulous.
Because Hawaii is a part of America? And thus the locals with the signs are *already* there. 
No, I mean analog and digital (but that wasn't me that modded you down :)

From the [last page of the article:](http://www.eetimes.com/news/latest/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=207403521&amp;pgno=3)

&gt; "If we push current through it hard and fast, it acts like a digital device, but if we run current through it gently and slowly it acts as an analog device," said Williams. "We are already designing new types of circuits in both the digital and analog domains using our crossbar architecture."

I've started to fail capchas at some sites, I mean c'mon, "pick the letters out that have the little kitties" and then they fucking trick you and put a kitty on a number
There is not an "Evil English Teacher" stereotype any more than there is an "Evil History Teacher" stereotype. There are good teachers and poor teachers in all departments. Across three high schools with which I am familiar, the most adored teachers are English teachers with very few exceptions.
Yeah, as a Canadian, it really boggles my mind.  Education is the key to safety, not more guns... 
I'm sure snob once had a useful meaning, but these days it just seems to mean "someone who is passionate about something".  
I love to eat Burger King's delicious flame-broiled burgers!  Try the new Angus Burger, it's as huge as my fucking cock!
"I'm not crying propaganda or anything - I doubt the differences are because of malicious intent."

Yes, you go on doubting that...
Works. Took much work though.
[deleted]
What right did the kingdom have to violently annex the other islands less than 100 years before the US overthrew the kingdom without firing a single shot?
Yeah, somebody otter put a stop to this now.
The PC as well. Was the FPS that had it on the computers F.E.A.R.? I can't remember.
It's a shame they cut it off there, if it had shown a bit more of the woman, you could have clearly seen Crocs on her feet.

Also, I'd be much more forgiving of women who constantly ramble inane shit on their cell phones in public if they had their tits out.
Sure, make light of this situation. Isn't it funny that most of us realize that nothing will ever be done? That nothing can ever be done?
Well it looks like I have three people so far who don't know how to mind their own business.  

As my downmod numbers climb, so too will my understanding of just how far from free people are willing to go to maintain their self-righteous standards.
Yes. And the three of them are working too hard to play "aw shucks, I'm jes' like you!" to the people, who don't seem to be buying it (especially in light of Hillary's comments on the Falafel's show).

Also, I heard on the radio that some African-Americans are a little embittered that Obama seems to be ignoring black people because he's working so hard to get the white vote now.

Thanks!

But yeah, people other than me and sabut seem to be finding this a sticking point (and a particularly frustrating one), and the problem becomes much less severe if you use

    thingy = do
        stuff
        other stuff
        more stuff

layout for your examples.
Someone mentioned "Planting child porn" to frame someone, I noted that the government could prosecute people for looking at 15-17 year olds in porn, ala Traci Lords, even if they thought they were legal, and he asked me about Miley Cyrus. 

Yeah. 
[deleted]
&gt;imperialistic and nationalistic talking points

i.e. the governing precedent and law
My eye was caught by this:
http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=81496&amp;videoChannel=1

Needless to say false advertising. 
No
sorry, they posted profits that were only 17% higher than last time, which was record highs. The beat their record profits, and raked in the $$$$, and the only people disappointed were wallstreet thinking it would profit MORE than that. Your silly boycott is _not_ working


[deleted]
Their advantage is that you generally know what you're getting, and you won't find better in many, many places.

What I don't get are the cities with many fantastic local coffee places, and a Starbucks right across the street from each of them.
All their coffees are way over-roasted. The bitterness you're tasting in the drip is basically a bean that has been reduced to a chunk of carbon because Starbucks has somehow convinced 3/4 of America that good coffee should taste burnt. Starbucks drip is hellish - I would rather get coffee from McDonalds.

Their espresso is better, but not by much, and there are many options that would give you a vastly better cup of coffee at your home - I can think of several coffee roasters around me that you can get fresh beans from, not crap that was roasted 2 months ago and vacuum packed - they ship online, as do others. Get some fresh roasted beans, a good grinder, and a press pot and you won't look at starbucks the same way again.
[deleted]
Obviously you didn't read the article. These links are in it:

http://www.democracy-nc.org/whatsnew/2008/EP&amp;spprsn.html

http://southernstudies.org/facingsouth/2008/04/facing-south-exclusive-dc-nonprofit.asp
Regenerative spinning rims...
And this device explores the range between them more than others do.
What market is that, the conspicuous-consumption-in-crowd-hipster-doofus-status -symbol-hungry-21-to-25-year-old-college-student-with-ratty-hair-and-perpetual-hoodie-and-jeans-wearing market?
&gt;It's sad that 40 years old is considered old.

Satire generally serves the very specific purpose of providing a commentary and view on contemporary events in a comical form.  Reading about the subtle nuances and dispositions of people 40 years ago, while perhaps providing *historical* insight, loses it's purpose and effect half a century later (the most recent title of those two is very nearly 50 years old, by the way).  

&gt;Why does it have to be television? Most television is terrible and would prefer to smash you over the head with a point than to subtly imply and enrich a position.

Because that was the medium we were discussing.  While most television might very well 'smash you over the head with a point', it's more out of necessity than it is want, and a lot of the most revered satire did very much the same thing.  Twain's purpose and point were very obvious in his books.  One of the more famous and critically acclaimed pieces of satire by Swfit, A Modest Proposal, does very much the same thing as Southpark.  It's entirely outrageous, but it being so is part of  its charm.  

The same can be said for Southpark.  Its treatment of the current political atmosphere and situations shines a very bright light on things like the national attitude towards gays, the glorification of violence, and the tendency for people to buy into the fear portrayed by the media.  Not only are there very few outlets for this kind of message now a days, but there really hasn't ever been this kind of immediate satire *ever* before.  The comedy might be outrageous, and some of the jokes are, admittedly, nothing more than 'bits', but the satire is rock solid.
Buy big? Suck big! Big sucker!
The evangelicals "liking their man" is important, but not crucial, to getting their vote. Never underestimate the power of "voting against" to supplement "voting for."

Evangelicals would vote for a wet mop as long as there's a big, scary liberal Democrat wanting to get elected that they feel they need to stop from taking power. Why do you think the right-wing media personalities are trying to drum up so much hatred for Obama? It's because they've already trained conservatives to instinctively treat Hillary as some feminist ultra-left kook (nothing could be farther from the truth, save maybe for the kook part). If they leave Obama alone, the fundies and true believers won't feel sufficiently threatened. The scarier/more radical they perceive Obama to be, the more willing they'll be to vote for McCain as a vote against the "radical black flag-hating secret-Muslim with the middle name Hussein".
Perhaps my phrasing is poor.  I was referencing the 'boycott', which I hadn't heard about until today.  My 'hit them hard' part was referring to fact that merely boycotting one oil company is largely ineffective.  As are the "don't buy gas for one day" types of protests.

The only way to make change in this particular area is to make long term changes to consumption patterns over a large segment of the populace.
Sounds like she might have gained some valuable information.
Formula, no, but the active ingredient is a matter of public record.
[deleted]
I know how he got those skilled. Duck Hunt. He trained until he was good enough to hit that stupid dog.
Holy crap my eyes!!!
Ain't that suppose to be cute girls?

I received someone's old granny probably ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-girlfriend.

Damn what an unfair trade :S
Do you want something that sounds good or something that is accurate? If you're an engineer, this was a redundant question.
[deleted]
Check out the correlation between pretentiousness and loudly declaring that you never go to Starbucks!
hahaha. yeah! they are both becoming a little tiresome.
Perfect reason *to* get it.

Great computer + Linux + not hypertrendy = awesome!
Your point is very good.  As a friend of mine once observed, the actual needs of people are very simple and can be satisfied by living like a wild animal.  All the progress we have is the result of wants.
[deleted]
Ha ha, I get freshly (and brilliantly) roasted coffee a block away from my house for half the price of Starbucks.  Starbucks sucks.
Wow, I wish I could read the full article. 
Maybe it's like a bird in a garage.  As it has little concept of closed spaces, it has no idea why flying in any direction inevitably leads to smacking into a wall.  This causes it to panic, and it either bashes itself to death or finds the way out via sheer luck.
Sold out I'm afraid.
That does not justify letting him die. 
I wasn't shocked. OLPC got under attack by attempts to create a proprietary XO competition for something that is meant to be an educational project that refuses to win on the marketplace. So Negroponte did something politically reasonable and opened the project for the presumed competition and therefore increased the chances to save his agenda. 

For Microsoft the project isn't a big win. It's more something symbolic: if you try to exclude Microsoft it will show its muscles and turns into an opponent. MS and the OSS diehards are very alike, btw. - they wouldn't ever admit this, though.
Really? I felt like the people in Hawaii were exceptionally friendly, particularly in the small towns.
They just had crappy turnout.
And of course, the reasons positited in the submission title are no excuse!

"Hey, I don't think this employee will be here for as long as I'd like, so I'm going to count the employee's work as worth less and pay less per unit of time"

And the second part about choosing lesser-paying jobs... if that lesser paying job also pays men more than the women within that job, then that'd discrimination too.  Instead, what the title strawmans the equal pay activist as claiming that having a bad job is the same as being discriminated against within a job.  Bullshit.


Now John Bobbit isn't the only one who can rightfully sing STP's line "I'm half the man I used to be"...
I drink the plainest, darkest, dirtiest coffee there is and that's great for me. Maybe I've just burnt my taste buds off.

By how much is it better?
They count everything. Slices of meat, pieces of cheese, everything is prescribed.
If everyone tests in the standard Flash Player and only the standard Flash Player, it should theoretically force the comparatively minor developers to make sure their player jives with the standard one instead of forcing developers to juggle.
Half of my lawn is moss. It very nice and pretty most of the time, but when it rains it turns into a gigantic mud hole. The moss has no root structure to keep the dirt in place when it rains.
Shines some light onto why some industrialised societies are finding their populations are shrinking. No one can afford kids!
&gt;Cutler said, "What a little hero, now I can pick up the QP I was on my way to get when I lost the wallet."
I noticed that as well.  Back when I first noticed it came out I tried to head to some of the worse off areas, but they didn't actually go to many of those areas...
[deleted]
I'm not mixing my arguments.  They both help, but the reality is, your safety in a crash will depend a lot on the vehicle you hit as well as your own vehicle.

Take my previous comment.  Say you hit a 2000lb vehicle instead of a 1000lb vehicle.  It's still to your benefit to be in a 2000lb vehicle instead of a 1500lb vehicle.  That is, it's better to be equal mass than have the lesser mass.

If you have two meters of crumple space and are in the 80th percentile of vehicle mass, you're going to be a lot safer (in general) than if you have 1 meter of crumple space and are in the 30th percentile of vehicle mass.

With equal mass less is STILL not better, because you WANT more car.  The car is what protects you in the event of a crash.  The car is a good thing.  That was my point with the semis.  There's no way a car could t-bone another car going 70 and have both drivers walk away, but when you're both in enormous vehicles, it's not as big of a deal.  Those semis (both of them) slid about 30 meters before coming to a stop.  They were just like big beefy shuffleboard pucks bumping into each other.
HP Labs predicts ~5 yrs.  Speaking as an engineer, expect that to be wildly on the optimistic side.  I expect it to take more than 10 years.

But if/when it finally hits the market, the impact could be *enormous*.  HP Labs is not reporting this because they just want to pat themselves on the back.  This is bigger than Blue LEDs/laser diodes.
Actually, the link between harming animals and harming people is well documented and the former is frequently a precursor to the latter.

Although lets face it, if someone goes around shooting animals for kicks its not really a leap of faith to assume they're a violent jackass anyway.
Or energy.
[deleted]
We are Americans.  We can and will kill any filthy brown people who get in the way of our hegemonic Zionist agenda.  Don't make us spread Democracy to *your* country!
She's had nearly the full support of the DNC, and many organizations within the Democratic umbrella, because they thought that she was bringing them the money. And she still couldn't win. Now where is she gonna go for support?
I am sure when the views expressed fall more in line with your own, this will once again be an innovative site in your mind.
[deleted]
I buy and consume 18 eggs a week.  This sucks for me.
I work for JPMorgan Chase on the trading floor as a developer. I personally use Python for several projects but additionally we have applications that pull economic data from our various databases that do regression testing.

Python is also the scripting language of choice for Sun Guards Front Arena which is the premier trading platform and backend inventory system for trading. This platform is used at our bank and at several hedge funds.

In other words, from my perspective Python is used often.

Thank you very much.

I believe it was Dan Akroyd in Black Sheep who said:" What The American Public Doesn't Know Is What Makes Them The American Public". And Red Foxx said in a stand up of his:" Life Is Hard, It's Even Harder If You're Stoopid".
you must have had a rough childhood
The blow to PR caused by the dead ducks is likely out of proportion to the reality. This company had measures in place to prevent this tragedy. They malfunctioned due to weather, but the average joe isn't going to pay attention to that.
[deleted]
I hear HP and HP Labs are rather different beasts.
I wouldn't have capitalised every word, for a start. Possibly "Wal-Mart steals money from retard"?

Apologies for the double post, I can't work internets, lol.
I really like the comment "All [American] girls are programmed to be whores by all our media outlets from birth. Until that changes, this behavior is par for the course. No wonder the number of pedophiles has skyrocketed."
Do not be so naive, profanity was very much needed. His satirical rant was in the tone of the "average" "red blooded" war hungry American.
[deleted]
The future is networked and sync'ed, *and* we don't need MS Mesh for that.

It's *that* simple.

Actually, the "demise of MS" meme has been around a lot and was always proved wrong, but this time they seem intent on bringing it upon themselves. Forget Mesh: witness the enthusiasm everybody has for Vista, and/or the clamor for better and larger versions of Office.
I give her 1 in 5 of getting the nomination. No, it's not too late.
[deleted]
This means nothing to me. How about we find something more important to hit her on?
Man, she is *hot*!  That's one smokin' babe!
Good point.

I know I loved my English teacher in high school.
No, it sounds stupid - the doubled  b with  slender vowel sound just doesn't scan well.  

Consider a few alternatives- 
  kinrabyte menrabyte ginrabyte tenrabyte
  kidarbyte medarbyte gidarbyte tedarbyte


Here's an example I used just the other day on ilug:

&gt; "I just upgraded to 16 GINRABYTES of PURE 
&gt; RAM POWER!  Soon we will  defeat the star 
&gt; emperor, and our people will be avenged!"

&gt; "I just upgraded to 16 gibibytes, after 
&gt; feeding my darling fluffles his favorite
&gt; kibbly bits. He's such a dear, oooh, I just 
&gt; don't know what I would do without him..."

See, bibbity bibbity bibytes just sounds dumb.  But it is the ISO standard, and we all know how worthy of respect they are.




That still has nothing to do with the National Drive 55 holiday....
I mean not to get the Air, also I'm running linux on my ThinkPad T60 and there is some minor issues supporting some of the specialized hardware.  

Battery Detection

Finger print reader

LiPo batteries 

Hard drive accelerometer

There's solutions to most of these, but all are a bit hacky.  
[deleted]
I have a neighbor that uses his almost every weekend. He's not retired, and he's a postal worker. I agree that a lot of people who purchase them, don't use them much, but one doesn't need to be retired to use an RV, boat, personal watercraft, OHVs a lot.
Rofl, clearly someone doesn't know any marines.

Hardest boot camp of any division for a reason, sir.
Another planet joins The Unity. 
And that is the distinction between theoretical and applied physics; one comes up with the idea, the other develops a way to verify and use it.

If this product proves to be as significant as it promises, both parties will deserve Nobel prizes.  This has at least as much potential as high-temp superconductors.
&gt; They're not doing this out of altruism and good-will.

Good. If we relied on altruism and good will, FOSS would go nowhere. There needs to be altruism on the part of some, perhaps, but ultimately market pressure will have to push everybody else.
&gt;A place where a school principal outs gay students to their parents.

Oh, how horrible. Why would someone hide their sexual orientation from their parents anyway? Clearly the root of the problem is in bigots and homophobes like you, who make people believe that being gay is something to hide from other people.
I think you mean $3.95.

:-)

A similar type thing was done YEARS/DECADE ago over a Bacardi Cocktail.
But it is a problem all over the world with variouse things. Misrepresentation of a classic item done as something else.
LIKE FAKE SCALLOPS SOLD AT A HIGH PRICE BECAUSE SCALLOPS ARE EXPENSIVE. yeah real scallops are but these are NOT..
And most people have never actually seen or tasted a real one.
So if you order a champagne cocktail, should it be made with champagne, or fizzy wine ?
Does Cognac have to come from Cognac ? is so how can Burgandy or Champage come from somwhere else. Would not a philly cheese steak have to come from Philly ?
[deleted]
Fine. Stop buying their product then. Oh. Wait.
It's an in-demand good. Stop complaining. Start innovating
I believe his point is not that his finger was chopped off... but that anyone's finger would grow back to normal based on an injury like that.

I have no experience in plastics (ask me in a year and a half :P), but it's certainly a fair claim.

And his assertion that if this regrowth substance was real, that it's creators would win the Nobel Prize is certainly quite true.

But, the only thing that will prove this one is time. If we hear nothing else, it was a sham/overstatement like 99% of all popular science stories.

If it is true, we will undoubtedly be hearing more of it in the upcoming weeks.
There are citations, including a book with a copy of a resolution passed apologizing for the overthrow of Queen Liliuakai, or whatever her name was. 
Ahh, an excellent use of sarcasm.
That was some seriously painful whitepaper-ese.
I also notice the issue of entitlement culture.
Meaning we feel entitled to effective emergency services. 

My view is the parents killed the baby when they chose to use a voip telecommunication scheme
Aye, but my point is that not all trade secrets indicate snake oil.
they should just move into the suv when the bank kicks them out of their house.
It's America, where anyone can work hard, save their money and someday buy a legislator of their very own.
How about carpet muncher?
Didn't IBM stop making their own laptops ages ago though?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I need $4 coffee.

Plus those barristas are so clever and fun.  Everytime I go I feel like I've walked into an episode of Friends.  Aww.
Will this work in Florida? All the places they mention seem to be up north.
...italian gold-diggers rejoice!
[deleted]
I am sorry, but I DO hate SUV drivers.
These cars have less space inside than a normal passenger car.

They are less safe than a normal car due to them being very tall and unstable, which makes the danger of them flipping very real at a tight turn and medium to high speed.

So, good!

You were a moron for buying the SUV, now suffer the consequences.
...by being evil?
Best five bucks I've spent in a long time.
Like a pretzel in the wind
Oh I knew I recognized this lady - she was on that Frontline special about credit cards that scared the shit out of me: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/credit/interviews/warren.html 

Can't wait to watch all of this interview.
And I would add that most tradespeople (plumbers, electricians, etc) in my experience use minivans as their work vehicle. I was surprised to think that tradespeople are using SUVs? Tahoe/suburban? Not sure who those folk are...
Or perhaps it's a ratio.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratio

Logic much?
Easily accomplished with the addition of a stereotypical Southern accent.  A low blow, yes, but it gets the job done.
On a serious note:

This is a very sad story.
If you sit around and don't implement the features that people want to have available, don't bitch and whine when someone creates a proprietary solution and people start using it.  People use Flash because it gives them features they need that are not addressed by anyone else.  If Mozilla is so concerned, they ought to be working on an open alternative or shut up.  They have no grounds to go around telling people "but you shouldn't WANT to have video on your web page" or "programmatic vector art is a bad idea".  It doesn't matter.  The 'customer' wants it and the customer will get it whether they think it's a 'good idea' or not.
I don't think so. I read a mainstream media article yesterday that bragged, "Clinton has been able to announce a new superdelegate endorsement every day this week," but mentioned only ONE endorsing Obama. From that article alone, it would appear as if the count was 3 to 1 in favor of Clinton this week, when at the time of the writing it was 7 to 3 in favor of Obama.
You've only confirmed the erroneous attitude I mentioned in my comment above.

"Hey, I don't think this employee will be here for as long as I'd like, so I'm going to count the employee's work as worth less and pay less per unit of time."

Equal work means equal work.  The same work plus more time on the job does not entail that the pay per hour should increase.  You act as if people doing the calculating for the pay gap aren't taking overtime into account, but they are.  The pay discrimination happens _in spite of_ overtime, or lack thereof.
&gt; any more than it would prove collusion if they raised prices when one of their other industry-wide expenses went up.

But taxes aren't an expense, thats my point. They can't justify a price increase due to taxes, since the taxes are only taken from their profits anyway. I believe you're arguing that if the oil companies were faced with footing an extra 18cents/gallon charge, then they would be losing an extra 18cents per gallon. They wouldn't, because the windfall tax would be taken only from their profits.

Interestingly, if you argue that the oil companies raise their prices to account for a windfall tax, then everything they take in is pure profit (since there is no expense to justify the increase). That added profit then generates a greater amount of windfall tax against this greater profit.

If the politicians wanted to get tough they could threaten a greater windfall tax if the oil companies profits exceed a certain point. So if they did arbitrarily raise the price, then a higher tax rate would be applied.

The oil companies are making insane profits right now. Why wouldn't you shouldn't a windfall tax against them? (Both Obama and Clinton both support the idea of a windfall tax actually BTW)
IS THE PELICAN OKAY!???
[deleted]
Did I get uppity or did I explain someone's comment because it wasn't understood?

No need to make assumptions about my position.
trenchfever is probably just a pissy sysadmin that never figured out how to image his desktops and configure software using a directory structure. 
I think "Helen" may have real balls.
Why not the freakin' car? 
Damn you Internet.  I had to re-read Crunch's sentence three times before "lolcats" finally read as "locals"
Wow, someone on this page who actually gets it.

R E S P E C T
Oh, just leave it alone.

;-)


Yeah, at most he'll be tried after the election , and only serve until the Republican president is elected. 
No one is asking Wal-Mart to give Debbie Shank any more money.  What they need to do is let her keep the money she was rewarded from the lawsuit.  They don't need it, but they took it anyway.

There's no reason for what they did other than psychopathic greed.  They may be able to do it, they may even be legally allowed to do it, but it's not right.  Some of the people who work for Wal-Mart know that, which is why they promised to give it back.  But now the corporate greed machine is holding things up.

They may be able to do it, but that doesn't mean we have to let them get away with it free of consequence.


While these robocalls were in fact sketchy as shit, the entire board of directors are not Clinton officials. Some are, but I work in an office with another one, and he's definitely an Obama guy.
Upvoted.

But only this time.
They help people fuck and they keep the crime rate down. What's not to love?
[deleted]
Isn't this what neocons wanted?   

I mean with no middle class you won't have counter culture rising up again like it did in the 60's.

Last thing they want is young people that are financial sound enough to think about politics and doing something about it.

"Pelican stuck in a tree in Florida?"

Sounds like some sort of double-talk to me
Kwamee Kilpatrick is throwing parties in the Manoogian Mansion, aka the Mayoral Mansion, he's having an affair with some aide of his, he's paying millions of dollars to ex-police officers who were fired for investigating said affair, and Detroit is now populated by underprivileged and lower class working blacks with virtually no infrastructure to back them up. I've driven around the ghetto. You will never see a fucking police officer EVER. Fun town though if you like that kind of stuff. Anyway, its not really an American thing, its a Detroit thing. We're the United States Chernobyl. 
4,000 dead. And for what.
Your logic is that Somalia does not fit your interpretation of a sovereign nation, so that makes military action such as what we read about in this article OK.  

Therefore, your personal interpretation of "sovereign nation" should be applied to all nations when we choose to kill a family and neighbors of that family.

IMO that thinking is a little...off.
One nice thing is that if, as Apple claims, you don't need a DVD drive, you can slot a second battery into the X300 instead of the DVD drive. 2 batteries = long-ass battery life.

Also, the SSD, which comes standard, unlike with the Air, does great things for battery life.
No wait theres somethin about her at the top of the page! Oh nevermind it was just my MileyBar tellin me wuzzup!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nice to see the Starbucks fanboys downmodding me -- thanks for being worthless to human civilization.
USB A/C shirt is cool
...or was he just being humorous in that uncomfortably geeky way that prevents guys like him from getting chicks?
[deleted]
Fuck Peta, Fuck Vegitarianism, not because I have a particular problem with either, but because I don't like it being shoved down my throat. I'm not immoral for liking me some steak.
But there isn't a 'War on Domestic Violence'. There is however a 'War on Drugs'.
&gt; **Protester vow to return**

In what dimension is that grammatically correct, even as a phrase?
I'm talking about the written word, except in the case of the BBC. I don't watch much American TV News.

It's easy to verify why I got the impression that the bias was pro-Clinton. Go to Google News and search for 'endorsement' and another for 'superdelegate' (belt and braces) and take a look at 28/29 April, when both Easley and Bingaman endorsed. You'll soon see that the coverage in the nationals was slanted in favour of Easley/Clinton. It was noticable enough for me at the time anyway.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Agreed... I just googled it real quick to see if that was indeed the case and just decided to c+p the first bio I found. I think your point is still valid, though.
Can they suckle his man-teats?
too late...
eloquent: marked by forceful and fluent expression.

~www.merriam-webster.com

He was certainly forceful. As for fluent well,

fluent: effortlessly smooth and flowing

Yep, had that too...

Maybe you should get a new book.
I assbolutely agree.  Tits quite obvious what's happening rear.  I think we have a clear cunt case of titscrimination going on.  Breast-case scenario, she's returned to her former statass as teacher.  Boobs...
I like Dijkstra's because it's [true](http://reddit.com/info/646hs/comments/).
I can't wait until my grandchildren use that argument for Iraq.
&gt;Thirdly, I will be tracking her restaurant reservations, and I plan to send flowers to her table before she arrives for lunch/dinner. I recently found out about a restaurant reservation where she will be dining with her friends in May. I planning to have and arrangement sent to her table before she arrives.

Anyone else get very creeped out after reading this? I think you're going too far Mr. Kurt.
I came out of Nowhere University and got an offer in that range, and the masters students working in my group got exactly the same offer. (I actually got a larger signing bonus.) All the people I know with masters degrees, regardless of the area of the company, have gotten the Standard Offer. To get a higher one, it seems you have to have experience in the area in question, or have held an internship at MS as a student.

As for doctoral, I've gone on recruiting trips where recruiters have rejected all the PhD resumes immediately, saying they're usually ill-suited for front-line developer or project management roles. MS Research obviously hires a ton, but from what I understand it's a "Don't call us, we'll call you" thing.
Human rights transcend borders.
Fining McCain won't do much good if he's already President.

Forget that complaint -- you want action, complain to Sen Mitch McConnell (R-KY). He's the one preventing the FEC from doing its job. http://www.fixthefec.org/
Floydiannyc, you're an idiot.

Read your history books, retard.
Well, now at least my dad would stop forcing me to switch from an IT to a finance job ( i.e after doing my MBA )
Once again for the lunatic leftists:

1. Oil companies don't set the price of oil.

2. Exxon is making shareholders (many whom are Americans) money.

3. Get over it.
Expected you to reply with "*Duuuuude*", Duuuuude.
you fool. this is the D. 
[deleted]
I'm going to be stuck in the exit line for 10 minutes anyway, so I might as well sit and relax for that time.
He probably lost her on a bet.
Why don't they fuck off? I hope they get hit by a drunk driver.
Did you click browser refresh or refresh button which is built in Google Reader on the left side over all the subscriptions?
Ultraportable means 3 pounds or less. The MacBook weighs 5. FAIL.
[deleted]
I'm kind of ashamed for us that this is even news or that it's popular on YouTube (I know, no surprise there) -- watching our supposedly best and brightest, who are competing for the highest office in the land, as if they are rats in a maze.
[deleted]
Done. 

Even a marine knows that there are people who are better. If they don't then they're just being a jarhead. 
I really MM but, come on, you didn't have to be captain pessimism to really believe voting against Iraq back then (especially if you're from NY) would have been political suicide.  Why doesn't MM try running for office and he'll see just how far "doing the right thing" gets him.
Because it has precedent from the last two elections?  Looks to me like Karl Rove has himself a new sugar mama.  
He must be a WINDOWS user.
I remember going to a Starbucks in Washington D.C. about 4 years ago. I bought an espresso. Big mistake.

It was served in a styrofoam cup! The cup was way too big. Imagine an little espresso in the bottom of a big styrofoam cup.

I buy their caf lattes and frappucinos there once in a while - when I'm in a country/place that has Starbucks shops. All the milk etc. covers up the taste of the burnt coffee well.

EDIT: If they really want to serve espresso they might want to train people to make espresso on a machine that's not fully automatic. And serve them in real espresso cups.
I get coffee from Starbucks all the time... it isn't $4.
There's already an open client called Gnash.
[deleted]
How about a random button that takes you to a random post?
was it the "revenge trip" or the belt that gave it away?
I concur.  HP--and by extension, the world--has hit the mother lode with this discovery.  The possibilities for future development are endless.
[deleted]
Some humor just don't do it for me.

this is sure not good enuf for the onion

YMMV


IIRC, the reddit toolbar has a serendipity button.   
Go to any doctor.  Your finger tip will grow back if it hasn't been severed too far (first joint).
Since when are ECMA standards "moving targets"?
The oceans are polluted enough without all that toxic waste going in there.
And the Most Misleading Headline Ever award goes to...
For that reason, too, but taking the long view it appears that China will move into a position of world-dominance during this century.  Unless the power-that-be in the US decide to take a radical shift back in the direction of democracy and competence, I think we're headed towards a future as an also-ran.
You could say the same thing about America, because theoretically, we're all part of the "militia". (Constitutionally speaking)
Psssh why should she suffer for his mistake of being nice?
I think that having sex with Banksy would be better than graffiti.
Old News. I'm going to say it again: Old News.

SBUX has been in a downtrend since October of 2006. This is linkbait. They are not the "latest victim."

Retarded.
Are you saying it's very discriminatory because men get paid more, or because they have to work more without getting a different job title?
I'm not sure any point about something being eternal belongs in a non-religious debate.  At least not if you plan on your points being based in logic.
Plus, I was in the Coast Guard, I can hold my own. 

Granted, I only got to patrol the Great Lakes, but there are some vicious rapscallions up there.  
Talent? I see no Talent
[deleted]
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-blind

Says the dailygreen.

I say blowjobs reduce asthma rates
[deleted]
Shhhh!

Annexation is only wrong when *we* do it! The Natives are allowed to be violent and annex each other because *it's their culture*.

Come on, everyone knows that America is a huge evil empire who does a trillion bad things every second. Duhh, get with it!
That's a nitpick. I thought you were discussing targeting children in our own backyards.

It's funny that you can nitpick about that and not address the important point that I made.
Umm.... Can you provide a source?

I'm by no means an expert, but a quick search comes up [with this:](http://www.animalrights.net"&gt;www.animalrights.net&lt;/a&gt;/archives/year/2002/000329.html)

&gt;It has become almost a mantra within both animal rights circles and the larger mainstream media that children who harm animals are on the path to harming human beings. But is this claim true?

&gt;Manchester Metropolitan University researchers Heather Piper and Steve Myers looked at such claims and found a surprising lack of any actual valid evidence for it.


how is that racy you pervs
That screenshot cuts off the right side of that headline.  It's actually a banner ad with a close button.  It's not a headline, technically.
[deleted]
Strange, I had exactly the opposite experience. The big towns had a kind of indifference but it was really the small towns that gave me that feeling. Weird. Maybe it's just me.
[deleted]
No, it means someone who might be passionate, but is generally an asshole about it.
Well, to be fair, the cost to the environment to produce a new car is fairly high, so trading in your civic for a new prius is a bad move, environmentally speaking.
"Nothing says anything about them lying about where or when to vote OR that anyone is associated with the clinton campaign."

--[Maggie Williams](http://blog.washingtonpost.com/thefix/2008/01/maggie_williams_to_join_clinto.html) sat on the board of said organization until last year.

There are several people closely connected to the Clintons, past and present, associated with that entity.

If we're going to be fair, let's be fair. I'm not saying Clinton ordered this to happen, but it happened, and they are closely aligned with her.
*reads chapter*

You're right, that *is* good :-)
[deleted]
Oh, those wacky guys!
Well, the kingdom violently took over the other islands in the years around 1800, and the US overthrew the kingdom less than 100 years later without firing a single shot.
There are also loads of posters who aren't self-absorbed douchebags.  I'd point out an example, but some would probably argue with me.  No matter.  I agree that hubris is involved, but don't necessarily agree that it makes one self-absorbed.  Oh, and the name-calling and whining in the comments - that just sounds like so many 10 year olds - they make themselves look like asses more than any response from the post's author could.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure. 
I drove by an SUV rollover a few years back. The body that was half out of the driver's window was mangled, horrific. Coincidentally that same week, I saw an episode of COPS that showed (repeatedly, in slow-motion) a similar accident with similar bodies flying out of the windows. 
Sounds fun to me.  I wouldn't do it with some random stranger.  I'd want to work my way up to it.  It would be best to have a few make-out sessions first (I say boobies in my face is proof of a loving god).  For me I'd want to be comfortable with the person first, but I wouldn't have to be in love with them.
&gt; he climate of fear in which we live, and fear breeds repression

Repression leads to hate.  Hate...leads to the dark side.
you keep bringing Tibet into this.  Why?
It has gotten to a point where they don't even need to steal sensitive information. They actually run the security systems for the US nuclear stockpiles. http://www.thepeoplesvoice.org/cgi-bin/blogs/voices.php/2007/09/27/u_s_nuclear_weapons_being_a_8220_guarded
The US is now a vassal state of Israel.
[deleted]
For gay and straight guys, the article gave two inevitable outcomes of the Coolidge effect: polygamy or putting monogamous sex on their list of chores.

They weren't as clear with women what happens. Is it just a different time scale that the boredom sets in or is the Coolidge effect only a male phenomenon? While this would be hard to test with heterosexual women (due to their male partners getting bored), there are enough lesbian couples for a statistically significant sample.

Does anyone have any anecdotal thoughts?
Here's a source to verify.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camp_Lemonier

My brother just got back from there.
I am happy to see CNN and Fox coverage is all over this, oh wait a minute......
Could be worse, I hear IBM are coming out with Unified Field Theory next week ...  and will probably hock it off to some formerly unheard of Chinese manufacturer soon after 
then he's doing it wrong.
I heard about the [F150](http://youtube.com/watch?v=-W5-ZN0l9io) .. and the reason I have only ever *heard* about it. (it's not really sold in Europe)
[deleted]
Sure, but when you've got something like this really works, you don't run around with bogus one-off stories like this.  Instead, you:
1. Patent it
2. Conduct a double-blind study to show how effective it is

That there is no indication that they've done either is a good indicator this is snake oil.
Let the down-moddin' begin....
Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Incident! Oh wait
Yeah, Mozilla has no room to complain on this front.  They do nothing to deliver these features to people.  It doesn't matter if they think flash pages are ugly and they don't like video and animation and such, this is what people want and they're going to get it.  If Mozilla doesn't want to be part of that, they have no right to complain when the majority of people move away from them and embrace it, leaving them in the dust.
&gt; Thanks to our American friends, the world is facing economic recession.

"Flounder, you can't spend your whole life worrying about your mistakes! You fucked up - you trusted us!"

Actually, although I agree with most of what Mr Nemo has to say, I think it is a bit much to heap all the blame on our shoulders. There has been 8 years of enabling behavior on the part of the rest of the world.
[deleted]
Suddenly, no one needs bad, burnt "coffee".
I'm a cyborg, but that's ok.

 Korean movies ftw!
By your argument, and assuming each part of your argument is correct, then the entire U.S. should dissolve.
[deleted]
Some would argue that the JJ episode actually *did* do just that.
However, revenue != profit. They probably don't come out much ahead supporting that market. Think of all the money they would save not needing to develop the player, only the authoring software...


I'm curious about that "get a good grinder" comment.
My electric coffee grinder cost me $30. I guess that makes it not a good coffee grinder. But it grinds my coffee to something pretty damn fine after 30 seconds or so.

I see coffee grinders for sale 5 times as expensive as mine was. What can they do that's so much better? grind the coffee so fine that it'll go right through the filter?
Great idea!  Then we can channel our hatred of crapware in a single direction!
Until June 30, then Linux all the way.  A rather short future.
Both.
It seems to have lost that meaning though.  I'm frequently called a snob for merely expressing passion about something.
Imagine Total US income in a pie chart.  This table shoes the percent of that pie (total income) earned by each 20% strata of Americans.  In the 40 years of this table, The "bottom" 80% of us have lost gorund, giving up 7% of the total income.  It all went to the top 20%.  But don't blame all of them just yet.  The last column shows that 5% of that 7% of income went to the top 5% of Americans.  If this chart were broken into tenths, instead of fifths, It would most likely show that the bottom 90% of Americans all lost ground, and the top 5% ate up their piece of the pie. Draw your own conclusions
Do you have a link or remember the media outlet?
RFA please.
youtube should be pretty easy as they converted their entire library to h.264 for the iphone/appleTV. flash player recently added support for h.264 - i don't know if that means youtube is maintaining two libraries right now, but i assume at some point it will be just the one.
What do you, as an engineer, believe the applications are going to be, and in what order are they going to be available to the public (if at all)? As I always try to take the most pessimistic point of view (just to balance even), I get the feeling that there are going to be regulations that are going to limit the applications of this innovation in the near future, to give headway for national security reasons, and to make sure the intelligence and pentagon can have enough time to assess and do net present risk value calculations and evaluations of this innovation before they are going to stand by the side.
What, I'm being downmodded for facts? Or maybe because those facts contradict someone's fantasy-based worldview....
Aw... reddit crush. Well, I've always had a thing for kinky ladies.
[deleted]
Korematsu anyone?
it's "it's"
Here it is:
http://www.cnn.com/2008/CRIME/05/01/florida.kidnapping/index.html
show me some proof first (other than altering your score in a flash game).  Have any mission-critical flash apps been hacked?  Of course idiots making flash games are going to leave some holes open.  Silverlight probably helps out by bending you over first with some fancy ability so your hole is easily attacked.  And now Microsoft is using Silverlight as a front to get Linux-OSS friendly?  Not quite my friend.  You have finally matured .net into a robust solid platform? 
Now you want to inject a potentially trojan-laden piece of software into our browsers---on any platform!!!!  I am so done with the Steve Balmer ethics system that you live by.  Balmer has always championed the hidden "Linux Killer" agenda.  You are just one of his many brainwashed pawns feeding the demise of free software.
Oil is such a whore. It will do anything for money.
Maybe I'm spoiled, but that doesn't sound very open.
Obviously YOU didn't read those articles either.

Entire board of directors are Clinton officials? Give me a break!

The links point out that a few of the group's board members have DONATED to the Clinton campaign. There's a big difference between a campaign "donor" and a campaign "official," and a campaign can't possibly be expected to regulate the behavior of every donor.
&gt;&gt;What this does jive with, is a complete fundamental redesign of Windows, similar to what Apple did with OS X. 

Revamping the UI is not the same as writing a new OS. 
Yep.  From the Wired article:

&gt;Don Powell, who runs a political phone-calling company in Portland, Oregon, says the fact that the autodial campaign was performed anonymously suggests it wasn't an innocent mistake. In general, he says, anonymous, automated campaigns are designed to suppress voter turnout.


THAT's BECAUSE THEY ARE TRAINING!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!1..[because supposedly those thugs break your legs]
I am not sure I follow. Are you saying that if an man and a woman both make 20 toys in a day, they should get paid the same, and the man shouldn't get paid more for staying overtime, because the same work is being done (just 20 toys each)?

I would agree if that is your point. But if staying overtime means you have more productivity, it would make sense to get paid more, no?
Ya, I wanted to respond to the guy.  But didn't want to sign up and register.

Of course since he took high school biology, he's well versed enough in complex theories like natural selection, genetic drift and gene flow.  More so than all of the people who have committed their **lives** to researching in that field.
So you're saying it's like those white caste burgers.
Totally agree.  Having such rigid definitions of success completely ignore how adaptable people are and the individual circumstances that drive happiness (the ultimate goal in the modern age, I suppose).  I understand they have to choose some standard to analyze the population, but like I said, Middle Class is a poor choice.
It can't possibly be a growing problem - the problem will solve itself.
Wait, a Mac fan is criticizing another vendor for standardizing on an expensive but technically superior technology?

Bwahaha! Tell me another!
Because the story behind the headline didn't have anything to do with the headline.
This kind of junk science grows on me.
CNN is a joke but I'm not laughing.
I think it's even more significant that (for those who don't recall), Microsoft purchased FolderShare in 2005 from a small, nimble company called ByteTaxi. http://www.news.com/Microsoft-buys-FolderShare/2100-1014_3-5930785.html  

From the enduser view, there have been no improvements to the product since then - just some identity/cosmetic changes.
About time they paid for their own defense.
Anyone else notice the growing trend on reddit to apply 21st century world views to older situations. The simple fact is that every place in the world once belonged to some other organization than the one that is there now. By the logic used here we should spend the rest of our time on the earth going back as far as possible rather than letting settled issues be settled. If the Hawaiian natives are being abused and having there rights injured at the hands of some oppressive US government (Like the tibetans are) then there is a point. But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.    
i think it's cool how it takes them a couple of days to getting around to making arrest warrants (which they'd never bother with mainland anyway) and yeah, sooner or later they're going to get around to going in there and arresting them probably, but you know, it's ok they're there and all, it's chill. 
It's six of your American dollars for a Mocha in London.
&gt; This announcement has NOTHING to do with being open. It's all about locking in the other side of the consumer electronics industry that Adobe needs as we move close to a converged internet-tv-wireless model.

While this is almost certainly true, that doesn't mean we (open-source software users) can't benefit from this announcement. Sometimes the right thing for the corporate bottom line is also the right thing for users... though far too few companies seem to realize this is even possible.
Mamma, what's a 'record'?
Hmm. A plastic surgeon is calling a scientific breakthrough that would cut his business by more than half, is saying it's "junk science." Doesn't sound disingenuous at all.
*Brittanny Spears*
Nice try Lenovo, but I want to run OS X.  I want to buy a pen and you are trying to sell me a crayon.
I just realized that debates between the branches of the military are just as dumb as Windows vs Linux vs Mac debates.
&gt;There are 13 propane-powered cannons surrounding the pond where the ducks landed

Holy shit!  Who decided to fill them full of flak before they had a chance to die in the pond?
Wrong again. Reddit isn't mainstream media.

It's apples &amp; oranges.

Nice try (again).
So rather than ponder your cutoff you'd rather the government pass laws and change the tax code so that they decide for you how far to take things?

I run into the "nth" degree arguement often.  I also call it the "perfection" arguement.  I carpool with my wife 5 miles (@50mpg) and ride my bike in the summer.  Some would say I could do better, and they'd be correct.  Fact of the matter is though in my life I've taken care of all the low hanging fruit from an energy perspective.  One vehicle, solar thermal hot water, geothermal heat pump for space heating, efficient appliances, small home.  I'll point out that this was all economical.  Could I do something else? Absolutely, and I will, but I'm sure you'll agree I've picked all the low hanging fruit.

Having an SUV on the other hand, that fruit is about as low as it can get.

I agree with you on your last paragraph.  I also agree with the spirit of driving much needed innovation through better government policies.  On a personal level though, to be green (or whatever anyone wants to call it) a certain amount of informed activism in ones choices is needed.
That boy is an idiot, a sweet idiot. I might have returned everything that was not cash, anonymously.
Fuck'em.  It's not our fault their women are so ugly, they have to keep their faces covered.
&gt; Now if they would only open-source the player client...

Yeah,right. As soon as IBM reverse engineers it.
Most likely they just ran out of money and the chief said not to come in that week.  Then a week turned into 15 years.
Well, I read the article, but not the links after the article. Probably because the links after the article are not the article.
Pass the tarter sauce... 
I've known plenty of marines and still know them. I live in San Diego for FSM's sake. 

They also have the lowest requirement for ASVAB scores. Just because you have good endurance doesn't suddenly make you an automatic badass.

I live and work surrounded by Marines on a daily basis and they aren't any different from anyone else. Some are strong, some are little guys who couldn't beat up my little sister.
No, what I'm saying is that the man's original work hours before overtime should not have increase pay just because he's more likely to do over time.  And this is what happens.
&gt;**William McNary Speaks Out in Support of WVWV**
&gt;May 1st, 2008

&gt;Statement of William McNary, President of USAction, Co-Executive Director Citizen Action/Illinois and Board Member of Womens Voices, Women Vote

&gt;During five election cycles, I have worked with the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition where I co-directed targeted voter registration campaigns and get out the vote efforts to the African American community. I have also had the great privelege of serving on the Board of Directors of Womens Voices, Women Vote  a non profit, non partisan organization whose mission is registering underrepresented Americans, primarily, unmarried women.

&gt;**I am also a voter. And in this election, I am supporting Barack Obama, whom Ive known and worked with for years. I am also an elected delegate to the Democratic Convention for Barack Obama.**

&gt;Given my candidate preference and my background and associations in voter registration efforts, I can say with great conviction, there was no effort to suppress or confuse African American voters, or any other voters in the state of North Carolina by Womens Voices, Women Vote.

&gt;I have seen up close the work of Womens Voices. Women Vote and know well the commitment, passion and leadership our organization has shown in helping make the voices of unmarried women and other underrepresented voters heard. There may have been mistakes made in this particular registration drive in North Carolina, but Womens Voices, Women Votes motives were not malicious or intended in any way to confuse voters. Ironically, just the opposite. I know the staff is making every effort to right the situation.

So, in other words, a well meaning non-profit makes some mistakes and it's turned into conspiracy porn for the reddit masses. Great job guys, as usual.
Not gay.  Just an aspie.
[deleted]
Yeah, and methane is a much more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide!

Wait... OMG BICYCLISTS CAUSE GLOBAL WARMINGS!!1!1
And get python running in the flash runtime? (I can dream!)
It wont be.  Although adobe is 'opening' up, it's not open in the firefox sense of the word.  Theyre just allowing developers more access to API's.
"Wrong crowd"? I don't really choose my friends based on their political view.

But I'm talking about talking to suburban folks. Blue collar people too. Politically active people. 

And I don't think America is as anti-war as people think it is. We may say we are in polls, but the vocal right will throw mud and bs around to keep us there, and drag the moderate/apathetic types in with them. 

"Fuck you frank" applies. 
[deleted]
There are numerous open-source products which can _create_ swf files. Official sanction to build players was really the missing link. Neither Gnash nor swfdec suffice; and the native Linux flash player sucks for stability and has numerous other issues (contortions required to get it to run on 64 bit, etc.).
People need to realize that the government killed stationwagons with fleet MPG requirements which is a good example of the government making a bad situation worse.

When fleet MPG requirements came in the obvious thing was to make smaller cars, not stationwagons.  So, what was the stationwagon driver supposed to do, considering they already had three kids and two dogs?

They bought trucks which were not subject to fleet regulations and the SUV was born.

This is exceptionally bad as trucks are geared lower than stationwagons and have a much greater frontal area and so get worse gas mileage at highway speeds.

This is what happens when bureaucrats think they are smarter than the market.
Ahh, I see Burger King is selling sliders now...
I have a T61 with similar hardware, and it was all detected just fine with Fedora 8.  Ubuntu 8 would probably also support these without issue.
I'm not sure about Dave, but I know exactly why I might buy a MacBook Air. I already have a workhorse desktop (iMac) that I use for all tasks that are resource-intensive. Works great for everything I need on a daily basis.
What I am in the market for is another Mac that is super light and ultra-portable.
 I just need something to browse the web, check email and maybe watch some torrent downloads (tv shows). That's really all I'd want the machine for, and I want it to be portable enough to easily fit into a briefcase or bookbag and operating OS X for when I'm on the go.

I'd use the iPod touch if it weren't for the lack of Flash support (and save a lot of money), but that hurdle hasn't been jumped yet. I think the MacBooks are ugly, and a MacBook Pro is way too heavy and large for what I want it for. I'm holding out for the MacBook redesign (supposedly coming soon) that's going to replace the cheap plastic case with an all aluminum enclosure, and so I haven't gone all the way and bought the Air yet.

But as far as "Why?" goes, I'm that narrow demographic for whom the Air seems to be targeted for. I don't imagine there is a very large market for it, as it's definitely under-specced for anyone wanting a full-feature machine.
But it does have its place in the MacBook line, even if it's a very limited demographic (professionals on-the-go).
I haven't seen all of Spike Lee's work, but from what I've seen, Do The Right Thing, Crooklyn, The 25th Hour, I haven't really seen anything where he 'villainizes white people and exaggerates the plight of blacks in America'

Can you elaborate?  I know it's a joke - but I'd like to know what specifically you are referring to. 
&gt; Which would be your implicit premise - "we should do whatever our savage cookbook tells us to". Which can be trivially refuted.

Then refute it. 

&gt; Obedience to the word of the Koran is everything if and only if the Koran is an authentic document (a genuine documentation of "God's will").

Right. And the assumption is that it is authentic. Surely you've  tried arguing with a True Believer before. Refuting the premise of their moral system is anything but trivial. 

&gt; That's an assertion of fact. Which, again, can be trivially refuted.

No, it is a premise. It can neither be refuted nor proven. Just like you might live on the premise that humans have inherent rights and are equals. You can't prove it. You just assert it and base your morals on it. 

&gt; The fixed point of reference is that we're all human. Moreover, it's empathy.

So morals wouldn't apply to non-human intelligence in the universe? 


I agree.  I think a reply to that sub article mentioned that we should go back to apprenticeship programs and the like to change the way we view education and the purpose of it.
Heh... With two abysmal reviews, both saying it did not in any way work as described.
Speak for yourself... however... I don't want these things, anyway. 
[deleted]
The reason they're working so hard on the "sustainable messaging is because...what they are doing is completely the opposite of sustainable. You can't dig stuff out of the ground and burn it, and call that sustainable in any sense of the word - never mind all the pollution that happens along the way. 

See also the Globe and Mail (Canadian newspaper) article: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20080430.wducks30/BNStory/National/


I just got a 12 pack assortment of their coffee products from Costco. I'm usually more frugal in my shopping though. It's a 12 pack, and it's from Costco, but it's still an expensive beverage. I can make smoothies for a lot less and it would be a lot healthier.
As long as his net contribution is positive.
The US certainly doesn't let anyone join the actual union... cough cough Puerto Rico. 
Hmmm...what's more worthless to "civilization"?  Trolling reddit or drinking Starbucks?  Tough choice...
Yes, but Gnash is developed via clean-room reverse engineering the Adobe Flash plug-in.  If Adobe were to allow the use of its specs and whatnot for SWF compilers and whatnot for players, that would help immensely in the completion of Gnash.
And I'm fucking getting older :(
thats a bit old - 3 days later (today) they're dancing around $110 - that's news - down nearly 10% in 3 days
...which is why $4 coffee is sort of peripheral to what's really going on.
That was just obnoxious.  The second alien scene was just a repeat of the first encounter, and the first one went on too long anyway.
I use it on the train, and it's as portable as my old Dell X1, which is certainly an ultraportable. 
http://reddit.com/random

:)
I think technically a watch has to tell time, not just give you a false sense of security when you are too lazy/distractable to keep track of your children
Memristor, can't resist her, red beans and rice did miss her
Yeah but similar to PDF, once you open it up, free alternatives cut into your bottom line.
[deleted]
Pretty much.
I can envision some dystopian America, one in which millions of old SUVs house former suburbanites displaced from their homes by the mortgage crisis and plummeting dollar, and having nowhere to go, they relocate into their SUSVs. They live within walking distance of their call-center jobs, placed inside what once were Best Buys, Walmarts and Macys, answering software and finance questions for Chinese and Indian professionals working in Europe and Latinoamerica. Their children go to daycare at the Toys'r'us, dismantled and now looking like a socks factory, and their toys are "My first call center" and "my little pony: affordable meat."
There are only a few grandmas, since everybody dies young due to the lack of decent food or health care. The few doctors still practicing live in enormous military complexes.

But there is an abundance of politicians everywhere.
[deleted]
But that's part of the problem, too, isn't it? What sort of society are we building if we let employers dictate our lifestyles to the extent that we choose between the job and spending time with our family? It's one thing when a small percentage of occupations eat into a guy's personal life, it's totally different when the vast majority of jobs do. I know way too many families, way too many fathers, who cannot *afford* time with their kids. 

That's messed up. 
[deleted]
In other news - Anna Nicole Smith is still dead - did OJ do it? Lets go to Wolf Blitzer in the Situation Room!
Yep... one superdelegate is all he needed...

Too bad he is still no closer to the nomination and probably will not win in a contest vs. McCain...
It refers to the greenhouse gases emitted in producing food (e.g., CO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; released in transporting food from the factory to the supermarket or in the process of raising animals).
**:-(**
LOL Yes, that's very "sort of". No wonder I missed it. 
I think it would be worse with Uggs, or plastic rain boots.

And yes, more tits in public would be fantastic.
&gt;The [visitors] stand in front of the window with their children and have their photographs taken.

Wow..just. Wow
[deleted]
Interesting.  On occasion, These kinds of people can be seen on the beach trying to hold back the tide.
"a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to continue this process, and a vote to continue this process is a vote that assists (Republican) John McCain."

.. the DNC now is resorting to fear in order to get votes for Obama.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is surprisingly mesmerizing and entertaining to watch.
I don't know. I didn't have to show ID in England (at either the last general election or the last mayoral election in London). I assume the law is different in Northern Ireland and Scotland, sorry for the mistake. Or it may be that you didn't actually have to show ID (perhaps the election official was mistaken).
[deleted]
Thats what I was wondering, given that they can record some 'analog' state it still shouldn't have that much of an advantage over a floating point number which will probably have more than enough accuracy to get a good result.  Maybe they are planning on printing billions of these things eventually and I could see how that may start to become competitive as it would be more efficient.
And just as much of "Too little too late!" Seriously.
FWIW, I get paid $12 an hour to babysit, and I think my employers are overpaying me. Of course, maybe you have someone who's more qualified than me sitting for you...
A little old, but some [people agree](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/breaking-news/world/north-america/article2209817.ece) with you.
In all seriousness though, aren't there some serious drug runners that use the great lakes?
I don't know who's stupider, the American consumers who thought that gas will remain cheap forever or the US automakers who came to depend way too much on the sale of large SUVs for their sales and profitability.  Now, both are screwed. No tears need be shed for them.  It's not like they could not see this coming.  They went through this before, during the 1973 oil crisis and 1979 energy crisis.  
HD's in my area suck. I drive past three of them to go to Lowes.

The tool selection is not so hot and the prices are usually more than lowes.
Young lady, I am an expert on humans. Now pick a mouth, open it and say "brglgrglgrrr"! 
If I could get an SUV cheap enough, I would probably buy one.  I'd leave it in my driveway until those occasions came up when I really needed it, using my more efficient cars for daily use.
Those who don't understand UNIX are doomed to reimplement it, badly.
Yeah, I haven't tried patching the kernel to support the HDD accelerometer on my T61p yet. Still, overall, I'm quite fond of Ubuntu on my system.

My only wish would be bundled systems where they integration-test all the hardware with Linux before shipping. I know, it's unlikely, but I can dream.
In '94? I did, for one. The first CGI 'scripts' i ever wrote were in C. We even delivered on-time and under budget! 

It was not a complex application though .. little more than a couple forms really.
[deleted]
I first read the title as Bill Clinton has been appointed the DNC head...that was a scary moment....
^ most overdone joke on reddit these days.
Of course not.  This is reddit.  No one actually "reads" anything.
Developers are ALREADY open to create products from the spec that generates SWF and FLV files.  What this is doing is allowing them to create players as well.
Ok we get the point, stop buying starbucks, who cares anymore it's just coffee
And it's *totally* broken on OS/2.
[deleted]
Ah, but that's one of the things the current XO laptops can teach a child.  

I learned to code by playing around with BASIC on my Commodore 64.  You could say I've leveraged that into my current career. (Scary thought!)

The XO laptops come with EToys -- which teach children the critical thinking and basic concepts needed to code.  When they outgrow that, the rest of the OS is wide open to them.

Windows?  Not so much.  Incidently, you can get EToys on a windows machine.  But after you're through with EToys, where do you go from there?  VisualC? I hope not!
Silverlight? Who the hell uses Silverlight? (I've honestly never come across a website that needed me to install it.)
That is exactly my point. None of that sounds criminal but they are willing to harass people anyway.
The joke was bad, but the setup was worse.
The price of oil is the same, it's just the value of the dollar dropping. I can see their excuses coming...
It is sad that people are surprised when someone decides his self-respect is worth more than $800. What is yours worth to you?
It just takes one picture of a burnt-to-a-crisp Iraqi baby to change people's minds.
Wait until they hear what the escort ads mean when they say "I like Greek!"
[deleted]
Are we talking time-frames of hundred of years before we see analog applications?
[deleted]
Can I get some fries with that FUD?
I'm not exactly sure how to search google for specific days of the week. When I did a search on "endorsement superdelegate" for the past week (advanced google search), the page of reaults that came up showed an Obama bias. Out of the 11 reults on the first page, 10 were for Obama getting the Kentucky superdelegate endorsement and not one mentioned Eisley! 
Begone, naysayer!
&gt; She's even begun sending herself reminders on her BlackBerry so she doesn't forget a case of water on sale at CVS or the twice-monthly sale on milk at Kroger

She still has the Blackberry, though!
As usual, squid pictures make no sense to me...
yeah... I read the article and was like... this isn't "open" it's "doing what we can to maximize market share"
[deleted]
Serious question - is it against Polygamist law or whatever to have like a huge orgy with all your wives at once?  Come on now, you all thought of this too after reading that.
If someone made a website about it, it must be true.
As long as the football is quality, who cares which of the top leagues is the best right now?  Spain, England, Italy, Germany, France... it's all good.  Enjoy it.

Try living in the U.S., where all of the once-great professional sports now all suck.

And don't even ask about MLS... 
That comment alone made this thread worth reading.
I totally agree with your innovative post.
I'm not sure I agree with the second point. (BTW thanks for the summary!)


The tax system doesn't 'penalize' a two income household. We do have a progressive tax system. However, there are a hell of a lot of benefits that married households get that offset this.


The rest I agree with completely.
How do you force someone to switch jobs?
My comment shouldn't have been personal - sorry.  But I disagree with you on the American public and the war - they don't want it.
I love how I had to scroll to the bottom of the comments to see this.  Anyway, you're not alone.
My favorite Dr. Zoidberg quote: "Once again, the conservative, sandwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor! *slurrp* ...aah! I'm ruined! AAahhhah whyyyy whyy.."

First off, there's still a lot of work to be done on the topic.  The memristor as it stands right now is a component.  To actually get it talking to the other components in a useful way at the consumer product level is obviously going to take time.  After that hurdle is accomplished, of course you'll see the memristor slowly make its way to consumer products.  My point was HP Labs does work that is more important to the government entities than it would be to the end consumer market.  For instance, they invented the painless injection skin patch, which, short of diabetics, has more real world application in large scale government sponsored vaccination programs and large industry than at the consumer level.  They're also partnering up with the likes of CERN for their scientific efforts which really doesn't play a whole lot into the consumer sector.    
It's not a moral outrage. It's business. Miley Cyrus has a brand, and with that comes an image.

Her pictures violated that image, which will result in lower sales.

And I am downmodding this article because of the celebrity, but commenting because of the underlying view of why DIS is upset.
READY THE THRUSTERS! 
Thanks. ;)
If I don't hear "Never Gonna Give You Up" on every track on the album, I'm asking for my money back on account of they didn't get the joke.
Edit: I was joking around, and mostly poking fun at the "bumper sticker pundits", as well as the "hippy kids" who wear tie dye listen to jam bands, and drive huge SUV's. 

But yeah, I don't downvote you, because hating SUV's is symbolic. Even if everyone drove a hybrid, we would still be fucked. 

Real change will be when people call for more bike lanes. I live in the suburbs, and I'm pretty sure the biggest reason more people don't ride bikes short distances is because they don't wanna stick out.

Not me, I love riding my bike, but it's hard to do extended trips from the suburbs to the city, or between suburbs. 

In the city, bikes are a minority, but a distinct and respect minroity. You can also hop on a sidewalk if it gets hairy.

Outside of that, people treat bikes as a novelty, and get viciously angry at them. Even I get nervous driving around them. Our roads are legally ok for bikes, but they aren't designed for them. 


You are absolutely right.  If I were to suggest to my wife that all of our documents would be living on a server on the internet, she would say "hell no."  I don't think the average computer user trusts the internet at this point.  The big AV companies certainly don't help, with their scare tactics and all.
How the fuck is 20MPG considered green, my fucking piece of shit 1991 Camry gets 35+.....GM is fucking retarded.  Just because something is a hybrid and gets more MPGs than it's full gas counterpart does that doesn't mean it's green.
&gt;According to Nitot, the Adobe Flash Player is on 98 percent of all PCs in the world.

Since when do 98 percent of all PCs *in the world* even have access to the internet?
I don't think this is saying much. When times get rough, people scale back on luxuries. "$4 coffees," like $10 ice creams and $12 movie tickets, are generally luxuries - all will suffer in this economy.

While most Starbucks coffee, even here in NY, is less than $3, I only know a handful of people who go there for regular coffee. There are a **million** places in the city where you can get much better cup of coffee for no more than $1. The good thing about Starbucks are their espresso drinks - it's one of the only places I can reliably get a generally competently-made cappuccino for around $3, which while a bit expensive, is a great drink at those critical, please-God-help-me-get-through-this-next-meeting moments.
Ice cream doesn't kill people in auto accidents or pollute the planet. This is hardly a reasonable counter-argument. 

SUVs are one of several embodiments of modern excess and disregard for community. They're the products of an auto arms race and I am more than happy to see them get shunned. 

Naturally, though, most owners will completely miss most of that. 
Theres a difference and you know it.

Is the majority of the Tibetan population against Chinese ruling?

Are the majority of Hawaiians against American rule, or just a small protesting minority.

Unless things are overplayed, it seems the vast majority of Tibetans do not want to be a part of China, while a small majority of Hawaiians actually want freedom from America.

Hawaii is such a small state so far away from everything, without assistance I doubt it could survive on it's own. It's economy is sustained by tourism, something that would be cut back on if you needed a passport to visit.

Hawaii has one of the highest costs of living and lowest incomes of American states. 

But in all reality, America would not give up the host of highly convenient Pacific Naval station.
and, thus, **siding with the terrorists!**

Sorry, everyone else gets to say it...
I looked at some of his other entries. They all strike me as preachy blowviating (sp) tripe. It seems that this guy never ventures outside of his luxurious world.
I used to enjoy going to the cinema; but the last few times that I've went (and it's been several years now) it was completely ruined because people felt that they needed to provide their own commentary throughout the movie.

I don't mind if people are texting on their phones, so long as the sound is off, and I can even forgive a quick and whispered bit of non-movie-related conversation so long as it isn't non-stop, but I can't abide people shouting idiotic comments at the screen throughout the entire movie.

When I go to watch a zombie movie, I don't need to hear "bitch, he dead!" every time a zombie appears on the screen.   When I watch a slapstick comedy, I don't need to hear "He jus fell on he ass!" every time someone trips.  I have fucking eyes, I can see whats happening for myself.
I follow three rules when posting here:

1. Don't swear.
2. If possible, respond to heavy downmodding with a graceful and humorous recovery.
3. Never use the word "dude."  Thanks to your username, everyone expects it.
You know, it would seem that lead was the most abundant resource on the planet. I mean how hard is it, to not make something with lead in it?
Why don't you do a research study and find out the answer to this amazing question!
how about this logic

1) the "eternal" union is an ideal 

2) idealism has a strong pull on humans

3) humans act on their ideals

4) understanding ideals is important to understanding human action
I don't go to the cinema.  I can't remember the last time there was a decent movie.  And most of the time, the movies are so bad, I am lucky if I last until the credits roll.

And when you hit the immobile object?  More mass is not better.
There's nothing wrong with cheering on the downturn.  A sizable minority of Redditors are programmers, and everybody (else) got their LULZ on when the dot-bomb hit.
"We, the German Fuhrer and Chancellor, and the British Prime Minister, have had a further meeting today and are agreed in recognising that the question of Anglo-German relations is of the first importance for the two countries and for Europe. We regard the agreement signed last night and the Anglo-German naval agreement as symbolic of the desire of our two peoples never to go to war with one another again. We are resolved that the method of consultation shall be the method adopted to deal with any other questions that may concern our two countries and we are determined to continue our efforts to remove possible sources of difference and thus to contribute to assure the peace of Europe."


"My good friends, for the second time in our history, a British Prime Minister has returned from Germany bringing peace with honour. I believe it is peace for our time."
You can't blame Microsoft et al. for wasting money on new ventures - the government forces them to. Taxes on corporate profits and dividend income far exceed those on capital gains. The government thus subsidizes waste.

...chocolate bars.
Probably.  There's "not enough scoring", so to most of them it's not a sport.  lol.
I don't know. If I was a private employer, I would find more value in an employee that was willing to do overtime. I would probably want to increase his/her pay to make sure they stayed employed with me.
People who really care about the planet don't use laptops due to the toxic waste from the manufacturing of semiconductors.  Real conservationists use semaphores made from dead wood (smoke signals pollute).
True, although I would rank the Navy, Marines and Army ahead of the air force. I swear my friend got fatter after he joined. 
I feel like such a knuckle-head now.
I'm not at all surprised that Hawaii does it.  I lived there for four years and they're on the leading edge of overblown government and anti-liberty rulings.

The problem is in the 'identification' stage - is it because the husband wears redneck clothes?  Or has a tattoo?  Or maybe they don't look like the person doing the judging.

I re-iterate - 'some idiot'.
Did you get your screenshot, because I actually only used it incorrectly *once* at the time of posting?

Am I seriously being downmodded for a typo?
Yes, it has nothing to do with your sunny disposition and insightful commentary...
Science: Sky is blue. Water is wet. Grass grows.

Science: Stating the obvious since 1689.
Have you considered just parking your F150 and leasing a Minicooper or a smartcar?
When quantifying how relieved you are to not be a golem, would you say you're:

* Very relieved
* Somewhat relieved
* Somewhat not relieved
* Not at all relieved
Excellent reply, thanks.

Aren't you worried about breaking it? The Air seems so... delicate. I think I'd be uneasy putting it "into a briefcase or bookbag".

I think you nailed it, though: you're the target demographic. I almost certainly never will be, so maybe I won't ever understand :-).
Too much work.  Does your house have a drive-thru?
Right, I think the specialty drinks are what everyone is talking about.  Whenever I go there, everyone is always ordering a specialty drink of some variety.  People rarely go there to get just plain coffee, which is why they revamped it with their Pike's Place Roast or whatever it's called.
wait a minute - you're calling your **own images** *remarkable*?
You most welcome. Happy Redditing!!
When I was in Detroit Summer 2005, and walked through downtown, "post-apocalyptic wasteland" was almost exactly what was running through my head at the time...
&gt;but it's not right

Because you say so?  How is anyone qualified to say what's right and wrong?  That all depends on values.

Also, is it right that, that money will be missing from Wal-Mart's health care account now?  Do you think the board of directors reached into their pocket and decided to donate that money back to the victims? - doubtful.  Should Wal-Mart employees have their premiums raised because of media outcry?

There's a big difference between right and wrong vs legality.  In business/money, law should have final say.  Law is binding agreements written on paper that set the stage for "fair play" in business.
Has the value of the dollar sunk that low? What is that in $Canadian$ or $Euro$ ??
Can any redditor produce these for us other redditors now that we redditors know they are possible?
I would say that it is counterfeiting.
